# Ground Party
- Upon touchdown, Serendipity Blue was met by **Commander Brava Hadura** of Evergreen’s militia, who escorted them to the colony. She also spoke of an elusive enemy sniper who has been terrorizing Evergreen for months.
- The team was introduced to **Patience**, the colony’s administrative NHP; as well as **Edena Ji**, Patience’s right-hand woman and chief ops officer.
- The team was given the choice of assisting **Chief Engineer Castor Fielding** and some other CEC workers with repairing the landing bowl to support offworld trade, or tracking down and dealing with the enemy sniper(s). There is ample enough time to assist with only one of these tasks.

# Bowl Season
- SB concluded that it would be best to assist the CEC team. On their way to the landing bowl, the group was ambushed by enemy forces.
- Nat was able to scan one of them, learning that there was no publicly available info on them, the frame was a mishmash of multiple different models, and the pilot was likely human.
- The enemies seemed to deliberately avoid damaging the CEC trucks.
- SB was able to escort the CEC trucks through the fight and deal with most of the enemies, with only one survivor who fled the scene.
- The engineers were able to repair the pumps at the landing bowl, and SB touched up their mechs once it was clear that no more enemies would show up.

# Widowmaker
- SB made the call to go after the enemy sniper, despite the narrow window of opportunity and a sizeable strategic disadvantage.
- The team had to locate and help a militia patrol that had just been hit, and they were able to get the wounded stabilized thanks to Nat's medical skills. The conscious survivors reported multiple enemy mechs and pointed the team in the right direction. Calico was able to clear the road for when the medics arrive without losing too much time. Cyclops' background as a marine helped the team track the enemy. During the hunt, Calico spotted a campsite, and Genbu quickly searched the area, learning a few key details about the enemy.
- The enemies are humans using refurbished SecComm-era military equipment and mechs, and the sniper’s team appears to have been traveling light - indicating that they probably weren’t preparing for a full assault against Evergreen. 
- Even though the team walked into the enemy's ambush, they were at least better prepared for it.
- The fight was brutal, with two strider-class mechs equipped with devastating long and close range kits. Calico’s mech was destroyed after a series of particularly strong hits.
- Nevertheless, SB was able to terminate both snipers and cause other enemies to flee.
- With the area secure, SB reported back to Brava and Patience. They also performed repairs and got “Shit Heap” back up and running.
- The identifiable corpses were human, and they had been using portions of large insectoid shells as ornamentation. Patience didn’t recognize them, which led to the team theorizing that the enemies are Hercynian natives who have been here since before the planet was colonized by Landmark, but were previously thought to be nonexistant. Cyclops noted that this kind of thing has been known to happen in the past, especially around the time of SecComm's ousting. Patience agreed with this theory.
- Patience mentioned a strange situation happening in one of the Gray Towns that needs the CRT’s attention as soon as they are ready to move out.

# Home on the Range
- Patience said that the mayors of Merricktown and Liu Maize radioed on the emergency channel about lots of people fleeing their homes and coming in to the larger towns for shelter. Apparently there are entire swarms of rogue subalterns and drones that are acting strangely.
- On the way to Merricktown, SB encountered a lot of subalterns that were heading off into the wilderness to the east. Nat scanned one of them, learning that there was some sort of signal causing the strange effect on them. The signal was barely able to be transcribed on visuals, and it appeared to be some kind of message from...Union. It included some words that SB theorized to be callsigns: Beggar, Mendicant, and Vagabond.
- In Merricktown, the agricultural community was nearly at capacity with refugees taking shelter wherever they could. The mayor, Jacob Merrick, met with SB and explained that he has received news of some rogue units causing mild harm to people, and at least a few isolated houses that have been burned down. He had no idea what was going on and was clearly focused on trying to help as much as he could. He explained that the Gray Towns don't have a militia to match the strength of Evergreen, but all of the towns share a mutual defense agreement and generally help each other out.
- Mid-conversation, Jacob was interrupted by an emergency signal on the radio from Albert Châu - a farmer who lives with his family closer towards Liu Maize. He reported that there were hundreds of subalterns crowded around outside his farmhouse, acting very strangely. He and his family were afraid to leave, which is why he was calling for help.
- SB mounted up and headed that way. Upon arrival, they saw swarms of subalterns and drones, as well as a few mech frames that looked much different than the ones the Evergreen raiders had been using. There was also a large spite-class mech that was covered in radio antennae and dishes, and the same signal that Nat picked up earlier could be detected coming from it.
- As SB approached the perimeter of the horde, the machines became aware of them, and a fight ensued. Nat was able to scan [THE BROADCAST], learning that the frame was SecComm-era and that it was operating on its own without a pilot or direct remote control.
- SB was able to clear away much of the swarm and eliminate the hostile mechs, ensuring the safety of the Châus. Genbu confirmed that none of the mechs were being piloted.
- Albert explained that he had detected some sort of corruption going on with the farm's main comp/con unit around the start of all the machines showing up. Cyclops took a look at it and learned that the signal wasn't coming from [THE BROADCAST], but rather that mech was merely acting as a booster for it. Also, the signal is very strong and wide-scale, and machines all over the valley - including Evergreen - could potentially be picking it up. Cyclops was able to capture a partition of the infected code since it actually seems like it could be put to good use as an offensive mech system.
- Both Nat and Cyclops asked Patience if the family would be welcome at Evergreen. Although Patience was clearly hesitant to bring in people who did not fall under the colony's jurisdiction, they were swayed by Nat pointing out the strategic benefit of having them around.
- SB offered to escort the family back to Evergreen, but Albert implied that his mothers (the ones in charge of their farming business) felt very strongly about the colony in a bad way. He decided it would be better to first go to them, make sure they're okay, and let them know that their family is safe.
- SB returned to Evergreen. With nothing going on that demanded their attention, the mission ended.