# The Next Day
- Early in the morning, 1st Lt. Kim gave CF their next mission briefing via omnihook. They were to go to a nearby comms jamming transmitter and upload a virus coded by Rio which would take down the whole network across the city. This is vital due to the LSA’s upcoming counterattack against the Sovereignty, as well as the rescue of Farris and Bannerjee.
- With their new gear and systems fully prepared, and chassis good as new, CF departed FOB Saber.

# Clear the Air
- At the transmitter site, CF faced off against a Sovereignty unit containing highly specialized frames, including an ace, a demolisher, and an assassin.
- The assassin, despite its clearly elite skills, was eliminated almost entirely in one shot by Shrike, but it was Kid Fritz' turret drone that finished the job! *"You stole my kill, dude!"*
- As Druzhina struggled to land any shots or ferrous lashes on the airborne ace due to its high agility and barrel roll maneuver, he instead focused attention on the highly-annoying hacker of a witch-class frame, cleaving it with his now-smaller, but still great, sword.
- Columbia continued the job where Druzhina left off, swatting the ace like a housefly despite being under the effects of a blinding effect from the witch.
- All the while, Bulwark piloted Collective Bargain directly down the middle lane of the area, practically daring the demolisher with its massive kinetic hammer to approach. And yet, two failed hammer swings later, Bulwark emerged untouched as the demolisher was destroyed by another supportive shot from Shrike!
- With excellent teamwork in capturing and controlling the vicinity of the transmitters, the squad was able to successfully get the virus uploaded while also capturing another Sovereignty pilot from a mirage-class frame.

# Bootleg Play
- As soon as comms cleared, Rio and 1st Lt. Kim informed CF that everything was starting to look great for the LSA’s counterattack. With new orders to join the main force, the squad was on the move.
- However, they were quickly interrupted by Rio again, who had just picked up a lock on Cpt. Farris’ ontologic implant signals - she was heading for a port facility, presumably still as a prisoner.
- With the arrival of a dropship escort, CF boarded and performed light repairs while taking in the view of Nov Elysia from the air. Feelings in the squad were starting to get mixed; Bulwark was starting to grow concerned for the city’s recovery efforts, Shrike still wholeheartedly supported Union’s presence, and Kid Fritz was content to go with what he’s ordered to do.

# Leviathan
- Upon arrival at the port facility, CF spotted a huge submarine breaching the water, and Sovereignty mechs began boarding it. Rio theorized they’re trying to capture their high value prisoners and escape the city while they have a chance.
- CF dropped into the area and had to push their way through to the sub to secure it and prevent it from getting away, which they did, despite the presence of several extremely bothersome enemy frames such as a hornet and another barricade.
- Farris was found lying on a surgical operating table, seemingly in a way that implied she underwent a procedure. However, there are no obvious signs or injuries that indicate what exactly was done to her.
- There were no signs of Bannerjee. Rio not only wasn’t picking up their vital signals, but also seemed to not even recognize their name or know who they are. The reason for this is unclear.

# Nemesis Pyre
- CF began moving to get picked up by their dropship escort, but were stopped by the same massive beam of light that shot their ship down on the prior day.
- The source of the laser was finally revealed: an ultra operator class mech that was far more advanced than any other Vestan mech seen thus far. Scans revealed it was piloted by Colonol Sorvan Kiros, leader of a spec ops squad known as the Furies.
- Kiros was brash and appeared to have vastly underestimated the capabilities of Charlie Foxtrot, because the squad utterly annihilated him!
- Scans revealed key info to reverse engineer his short-cycle lance, as well as a cryptic document alluding to “TARTARUS” and “basking the glory” of something.

# Operation Complete
- With Farris secure, Kiros destroyed, and a lot of lingering questions about Bannerjee and Rio, CF departed Cressidium. More missions lie in their future, potentially some back on this planet where it all began...