# Transition Period
- Druzhina and Columbia volunteered to remain on Cressidium to support the LSA. There is a contingent of Union forces staying behind to continue attempting to stabilize the overall situation, despite the initial stages of the conflict being over.
- Captain Farris is still unconscious and remains in stable condition in the medbay. She was placed under via the use of strong, latent sedatives. It will take some more time to safely bring her back to the waking world. Other than that, nothing else is known about what happened to her. Alex Kim is still the acting captain.
- Whatever has been going on with Rio is being kept behind closed doors and Charlie Foxtrot has been ordered not to discuss this topic with anyone else, for fear that it may start unhealthy rumors to grow out of control.
- The remaining members of Charlie Foxtrot squadron were pleased to find out that two mech pilots were assigned to the squad to fill in the gaps: Zara Khan aka Scimitar, and Rho aka Dominus.

# Top Secret
- A week after the *Rio Grande* had departed Cressidium, CF was called in to the briefing room to receive a new assignment from 1st Lt. Kim and Rio. Kim repeatedly stressed that everything discussed was to stay between only the people in the room.
- Union's NHP Regulatory Office (NHPRO) has received concerning reports of NHPs arriving on the planet Havelburg, but never leaving.
- Havelburg experienced an event a decade ago known as "the Disaster," in which an orbital mining station experienced a severe reactor meltdown and caused a chain reaction of other stations to be destroyed along with other types of orbital debris. This led to the planet's surface being covered in dust and making life on the surface nigh impossible. The populace has taken to living in cities buried deep underground, where the environment is still safe and clean. Although with hardsuits and breathing gear, it is possible to safely traverse the surface.
- This intel was delivered to NHPRO by a contact they have on-world: an unassuming but well-connected restaurant owner named **Juan Tismon**. A cargo hauler captain who is a friend of Juan's has reported the abduction of his ship’s navigational NHP very recently, which means now is the ideal time to get on-world and begin an investigation.
- Havelburg is effectively owned by IPS-N. Therefore, Union does not want to be seen poking around in there, as this could draw unwanted attention and stir the pot enough to ruin any chance at a proper investigation.
- CF has been tapped for this mission since the squad already has experience in rescuing a kidnap victim. Also, they have proven themselves to be the most effective mech pilots aboard the *Rio Grande*, and therefore in the Cascade ring (in which Havelburg resides, like Cressidium).
- This is a confidential assignment and CF should do what they can to stay undercover. Do not let anyone aside from Juan know that you serve Union.
- Kim said that the use of deadly force is authorized wherever the lancers deemed it to be necessary, but reminded them that they still work for Union.
- Before being dismissed, the squad asked about the situation surrounding Rio's memory and Bannerjee. Kim and Rio explained that this is also to be kept secret, but let slip that they suspect foul play from within. Bannerjee's status is still totally unknown.
- Deciding to go in disguise as a squad of mercenaries known as “Chimera Force,” the lancers were deployed to Port Conroy.

# The Chef
- In Port Conroy, CF first met with NHPRO’s contact, Juan. As the owner and sole operator of the local Garfield's franchise, Juan was happy to make Italian-inspired food for the squad before getting down to business.
- He told them about **Captain Lyran Stavros**, whose navigational NHP, **Emily**, was recently abducted. Lyran is the captain of the *Dynast's Embrace*, a freight hauler, and the ship is apparently still sitting on a landing pad at the surface.
- Juan also told them about the Magenta Syndicate: a criminal organization run by a woman named **Magenta Red**. He explained that the Syndicate essentially runs Port Conroy with the presence of the PCPA (Port Conroy Port Authority) not mattering at all. The Syndicate's headquarters is the Velvet House, a casino in Upper Conroy. If the lancers wish to get in direct contact with her, they'll need to get creative, or primitive. *"The Syndicate holds mech arena battles every week. Pilots with military-grade frames entering her fights are bound to draw attention. The next fight is tomorrow..."* Scimitar was clearly very into this idea, being from Suldan.
- Kid Fritz offered up one of the squad's omnihooks so they could communicate better with Juan in the future. Before the handoff, Fritz subtly planted a bug on it so that he'd be able to tell if Juan used it to contact anyone else.

# The Pilot
- The next logical lead was to talk to Lyran, who was obviously quite torn up about Emily’s abduction. He seemed heartbroken. *"Emily is like any member of the crew, but even more than that - she's literally the heart and soul of the ship."*
- He showed CF a video recording from his ship’s security cameras, in which a maintenance subaltern could be seen abruptly ending its duty and forcing its way into the chamber containing Emily’s casket, then disconnecting it and wandering off into the distance.
- Lyran explained that the maintenance subalterns all come from Creighton's Printshop: the local robotics printing and manufacturing facility. However, Lyran's attempts to explain the situation to the owner, **Horton Creighton**, have led nowhere, as Horton simply insisted that no subalterns could be compromised in such a manner.
- Departing the *Dynast's Embrace*, CF quickly looked around at the other subalterns performing maintenance on the other ships. Dominus attempted a rather risky move, activating his stealth hardsuit's invisibility and forcing one of the subalterns away into an obscured alleyway. Fritz was able to quickly download data logs and with his signature hacking skills, figured out that the units each have a unique identifying string of characters.

# The Salesman
- CF then visited Horton Creighton at the printshop. Horton was revealed to be a homonculus, an advanced comp/con unit, who presents himself via a screen on the head of a subaltern.
- Horton is an IPS-N company man through and through, trying to hype up the corpro's line of mech frames as soon as he found out the squad was composed of mech pilots. In particular, he ecstatically talked with Bulwark when he revealed that he had recently printed and built a Drake frame.
- Unsurprisingly, Horton claimed that all the subalterns in the group which had been assigned to the *Dynast's Embrace* were in the warehouse and accounted for. He happily showed the lancers to them, where they saw that one subaltern (#19) was missing. Horton seemed to be totally unaware of this, leading CF to deduce that Horton's systems had been tampered with.
- With the data Fritz had pulled earlier, they knew that if they could get the identifier of subaltern #19, they'd be able to use the printshop's computer to track it.
- Bulwark spent so much time discussing IPS-N's catalogue with Horton that the two of them became quite good friends (at least from Horton's perspective). Bulwark took advantage of this newfound kinship and was able to have Horton simply give the identifier up, with Fritz writing it down so that it wouldn't hit the airwaves in any way. *"I do take security very seriously!"*
- With Bulwark continuing to provide a good distraction, Fritz and Shrike found a terminal on which they could interface with the printshop's network and successfully located the missing subaltern! It's somewhere in the outskirts of Upper Conroy, beyond the point where the city is habitable. They know they'll need to be ready to mount up in their mechs before setting off to track it down, as gangs of criminals and ruffians are known to take up residence in the abandoned parts of the city.

# Downtime
- Before officially embarking on their mission to retrieve the subaltern, CF had a decent amount of time to prepare and gear up.
- Several members of the squad perused the "dustmarket," a gray market full of interesting characters and merchandise, some of it less than legal. Bulwark found himself with a small amount of a highly addictive drug known as spice on Havelburg; Kid Fritz was able to obtain a very nice System Flayer program; Shrike purchased a Precision Targeting Software and confiscated some Extra Repairs from a gang of thieves; and Dominus ended up with credentials for accessing a very bizarre omninent chatroom server.
- Additionally, Bulwark spent some time with Horton to get the homunculus' memory restored, which he was extremely grateful for. He is more than happy to continue serving the lancers via the use of his printshop.
- Scimitar decided to spend some time learning Juan's cooking technique, and made a bit of a name for herself in a local boxing ring. She won her bout, and earned some Extra Repairs as a reward, as well as some fame.
- Dominus also made contact with the PCPA and offered to do them a favor in order to help "Chimera Force" get in their good graces. They pointed him in the direction of a Magenta Syndicate lackey who was running a drug operation as a personal side hustle. Dominus decided to deal with the situation by sneaking into the drug dealers' den and sabotaging their equipment and product in hopes that it would look like a rival was responsible. The PCPA thanked him for his efforts.

# Dustbranded
- The following day, CF mounted up in their new mechs and set off to the outskirts of Upper Conroy to track the subaltern.
- The farther they traveled, the emptier and eerier the scenery became. The environment was nothing but old infrastructure buried in dust. This place truly is a **dustgrave**.
- Suddenly, other mechs began powering up in the area, and a member of a gang known as the Dustbranded threatened the squad to leave, as they were now in the gang's territory. CF engaged in combat.
- The lancers were able to successfully hold out against the gang, which was comprised of several industrial grade mechs with tough armor and hard-hitting weaponry.

# In the Talon's Grasp
- After some light repairs, CF pressed on and observed a distant skirmish. Upon arriving at the scene, they found more industrial frames - clearly belonging to the Dustbranded - destroyed.
- Checking out the wrecks revealed that the attackers were highly efficient and coordinated. Shrike did what he could to look deeper, but even he wasn't able to identify much of anything in terms of clues.
- Kid Fritz took the chance to relay some intel to the group, which he had gathered from some "new friends" back in Port Conroy the previous day.
- Cautiously, the lancers continued their path. In the immediate vicinity of the subaltern, they came face to face with the mysterious attackers: a squad of jet black IPS-N mechs controlled by spec ops-tier pilots.
- Dominus’ scan revealed that this squad is known as the Talons, their comms are closed off, and they’ve expunged all data of who they’re working for.
- It was a challenging fight against these highly skilled foes, but CF pulled through with impeccable teamwork and was able to extract the subaltern from the area! The remaining Talon mechs retreated as soon as it became clear they weren't winning this bout.