# Results
- With plenty of time to investigate the subaltern, CF decided to perform the "autopsy" in the maintenance area of the printshop and promised Horton that they would let him keep it after they finished looking at it.
- The autopsy revealed that the subaltern was infected with a highly advanced virus known as "MesmerTrance." It first compromised the subaltern's primary cognitive functions, and then it propagated itself throughout subroutines until the entire unit was merely a puppet on strings, piloted by an external actor.
- MesmerTrance is also self-consuming, meaning that it was trying to erase all evidence of itself now that its purpose with this unit was done. It's lucky that CF found it when they did; any delays would have resulted in the virus being gone and undetected. This also presumably explains why evidence for the investigation has been extremely sparse up until now.
- With some deeper analysis by Kid Fritz, it was observed that the virus bore a strong resemblance to the Neurospike system's code base. This system is best known as part of the license for the SSC Dusk Wing frame.
- Fritz was also able to bottle up a portion of the virus for further study and "safekeeping." He had some plans for it...
- While it's obvious that the virus infected the subaltern across the omninet, it was impossible to identify the exact location of its source based only on further analysis of this unit. However, the squad determined that it should be simple enough to set up a monitor-tracking station which could detect transmission of the virus at a later point in time. The squad could then initiate a procedure which would pinpoint the source of the transmission.

# Everyone's Favorite Homunculus
- Before departing the printshop, Bulwark decided to check with Horton about any potential knowledge he might have had regarding the Talons. Dominus quietly pointed out that the Talons were curiously all piloting IPS-N frames, and suggested that the spec ops squad might be working for the corporation.
- Scimitar countered by suggesting if the spec ops pilots were working for IPS-N and trying to stay clandestine, it seems unusual that they would all be piloting frames manufactured by them.
- Shrike offered that, the Talons' true identities aside, they were likely not the intended recipients of the subaltern. They could have easily just tried to destroy it, but that wasn't what they were doing. Thus, they are probably a third party to the overall situation.
- Nevertheless, the squad agreed to be careful with the information they give out, seeing as it's no secret that IPS-N owns Havelburg, Port Conroy, the PCPA, and even Creighton's Printshop.
- Bulwark asked Horton if he recently had customers printing a lot of IPS-N specific equipment in a large batch, but Horton said this wasn't the case. He didn't have much to offer in terms of commenting on the possibility that IPS-N might be up to some shady business, unsurprisingly.

# Lasagna Makes Mondays Better
- CF then made their way to Garfield's to report what they'd learned to Juan. (They also informed 1st Lt. Kim and Rio.) Juan didn't have anything new to add based on what they'd discovered, but he said that he believes the squad may be onto something big, and that they should continue pursuing all the leads they were focusing on.
- While in the restaurant, the squad took a much needed opportunity to simply enjoy a nice meal. Scimitar volunteered more of her time and efforts in the kitchen with Juan to practice her cooking skills she had been picking up from him. Unfortunately, the stress of working as a chef seemed to have a larger effect on her than she expected, and she ended up relying on Juan's assistance to ensure the lasagna came out tasting decent, at least.
- Still, Juan always appreciates being helped as well as any attempts at a genuine friendship. He decided to offer his old blast pick from his mining days for the squad's future use. *"You know, that big mining drill hanging from the ceiling up there... it still works! I think it adds a lot of character and a personal touch to the restaurant, but feel free to slap it on one of your mechs if you think it might come in handy. I'm sure it can still pack a punch."*
- Before the squad left, Juan allowed them to set up the MesmerTrance monitoring station in one of the back rooms of the restaurant.

# A Man of the Law
- With a particular interest in finding more intel on the Talons and whether they work for IPS-N, CF decided to head to the Tower on the surface to speak with the PCPA. Since Dominus had already established a positive start to the squad's relationship with the law enforcement body, they were able to speak to an officer within a reasonably small amount of time.
- That officer was **Dale Ramcock**, and in the discussion with him, he revealed that the PCPA had been investigating the string of NHP disappearances for a time before the case went cold due to lack of evidence. However, they suspect the Magenta Syndicate is directly involved, if not responsible, for these mysterious disappearances. Magenta Red is the most powerful criminal in Port Conroy, after all, and the simplest explanation is most often the correct one.
- The squad asked Dale "hypothetically" why any external actors might be operating in Port Conroy under the guise of IPS-N. He was slightly confused without further context, but suggested these actors may wish to deflect blame and cover their tracks, since IPS-N is obviously the top authority of the planet. He also said that if this group is genuinely in the service of IPS-N, that knowledge would be above his pay grade.
- CF asked Dale if he'd be willing to do some digging internally to figure out if there are any such secretive operations being undertaken at an official level. He explained it would be very risky for him to do that, but he recognized the opportunity for a quid pro quo arrangement: the PCPA would appreciate any sort of intel/dirt on the Magenta Syndicate. In particular, he said he would be glad to stick his neck out for them within his own organization if CF gained an audience with Magenta Red herself and secretly recorded the conversation.
- He also said he would appreciate it if CF could figure out what exactly the Syndicate's forces are composed of (i.e. the amount of mechs, soldiers, etc. they possess).
- After a brief private discussion, CF agreed to consider attempting this job for Dale, although they couldn't guarantee they'd be successful. Dale gave them the nanorecording device and wished them luck, if they decide to do it.
- Dominus later proposed the idea of potentially working with both the PCPA and Syndicate to keep their options open. However, he acknowledged that this would be risky, especially since they hadn't yet had any personal experience whatsoever interacting with the Syndicate.
- The squad also recognized that although the PCPA obviously thinks the Syndicate is behind the NHP abductions, it doesn't seem to fit the Syndicate's style. Bulwark mentioned that the Syndicate gives him the impression that *"they just want to cause destruction, make money, and do drugs."*

# Downtime
- While they waited for the MesmerTrance monitor to pick up a signal, the lancers had plenty of time to take care of personal 
business, do some shopping, and so on.
- Scimitar did some more chef training with Juan, but found that she still has a long way to go before she becomes a renowned cook. She also returned to the boxing ring she had competed in during the previous downtime period in hopes of spreading the word about Chimera Force's fighting skills (should the squad take the path of getting Magenta Red's attention.) Unfortunately, she got her ass handed to her in the bout and was quite humiliated by the loss. *"If you liked watching this humiliating defeat...(wheeze)...you'll definitely enjoy seeing Chimera Force get destroyed in the arena next week." (Coughs up blood.)*
- Shrike and Bulwark perused the dustmarket in search of some more interesting pieces of equipment they could make use of in the coming fights, and fortunately they both ended up with some impressive tech.
- Kid Fritz handled some personal business, and spent more time studying the portion of MesmerTrance he was able to extract. Since the similarities were already present, he was then able to develop his own version of the SSC Neurospike.
- Bulwark also took what he was able to learn by studying the portion of MesmerTrance and reverse-engineered it to create a MesmerTrance Dampener system. This unit can be installed on a mech to make it immune to the virus.
- Dominus continued carrying out favors for the PCPA to strengthen their relationship. This time, it went even better!
- ...on the other hand, he also assisted Shrike in infiltrating the PCPA's records and databases. While Dominus kept Dale distracted, Shrike used his computer to try finding information about the Talons. He was able to access all of the necessary systems, but there was no mention or evidence of the Talons or special operations anywhere. Despite his best efforts, he didn't have enough time to sufficiently cover all of his tracks. He knows that he left clear evidence that *someone* ran these searches and reports.

# Leonora's Story
- During the downtime period, the members of CF all received a vidcall on a closed channel. The ID was unknown. They answered it and found themselves talking to **Leonora McGrath**, leader of the Talons. She spoke dryly and quickly, first apologizing for the trouble they had given the lancers in the previous mission.
- She continued by saying that the Talons apparently wish to establish a truce and cooperate with CF, as they have no leads left on their mission. They had been seeking the subaltern, as they are also investigating the abductions of NHPs. She ended the call by saying if they wished to discuss the matter further, they'd find her in the dustmarket.
- At the dustmarket, Dominus activated his stealth suit to keep a lower profile in case anything bad went down. Shrike spotted some sniper nests in the immediate area and warned his squadmates. Knowing this could have been a trap, they proceeded with caution.
- Leonora elaborated on her team's goals. *"Our mission is simple: we wish to put a stop to the NHP abductions that have been plaguing this city. We’re a mercenary outfit currently serving a certain corporation. Our employers acknowledge the danger implied by the abductions, but do not wish to cause mass hysteria in the populace of this planet. There’s still a lot of unknown variables in play. Therefore I urge you towards discretion on everything we’re about to discuss."*
- *"The name may not mean anything to you, but we strongly believe the man responsible for this is one **Dr. Victor Virga**. He was officially declared deceased years ago, but his body was never recovered. This pattern of abductions and the use of this MesmerTrance virus all point toward his profile - he’s deranged, but he’s also a brilliant scientist and a genius in the field of robotics and NHP research. In short, he should not be underestimated. This is why I contacted you. I believe an alliance will be our best way of ensuring he’s stopped once and for all."*
- She then suggested that once CF learns of Virga's exact location, the teams should combine their forces and assault his base of operations to ensure a higher likelihood of success. She offered them enough MesmerTrance dampeners to cover everyone's mechs, but only on the condition that they agree to work with her.
- After some private deliberation, CF agreed they would accept, but then they'd take a closer look at those dampeners. It was pointed out that the corporation they serve likely has ulterior motives aside from altruism (which Leonora herself seemed to agree with), and therefore once the Talons no longer need CF around, the lancers could be considered loose ends.
- The squad accepted the alliance and the dampeners, and before Leonora went on her way, she gave them a communicator they can use to contact her when ready to initiate the strike against Virga. She also asked if they might be willing to let the Talons look at the subaltern in case a second set of eyes might be beneficial, but they simply told her that it was now in the printshop's possession and she'd have to take it up with Horton.
- After that, Shrike scrutinized the dampeners. He discovered that each unit was equipped with a secret backdoor program that could allow an external party to remotely jam a mech that it was equipped to.
- With that brought to light, Kid Fritz successfully did what was necessary to disable this program on each of the dampeners.

# Horrors in the Dust
- Once the next transmission of MesmerTrance was detected by the monitoring station, CF tracked the source of the broadcast to a far-off dustgrave previously thought to be totally uninhabitable.
- CF and the Talons began the mission and traveled to the coordinates.
- The dustfall in this region is so bad that, even with a hardsuit, long-term survival outside of a chassis is impossible.
- They came to a very large structure, perhaps once a coliseum or opera house. Dominus used a smart scope to scan the area and didn't detect any signs of movement. The squad's mechs also weren't picking up any passive signals.
- Once they were right outside the entrance, several mounds of dust stirred, and the squads came face to face with incredibly strange mechs that had been lying in wait as a guard force.
- These frames were extremely strange, some composed of what appeared to be biological material and others moving with disturbing speed and jerkiness. They were all hard to look at.
- At the same time, the squads' mechs became barraged with an abrupt onslaught of MesmerTrance. Aside from Scimitar, all of the lancers had dampeners equipped, so this was no problem.
- As the squads established a foothold in the vicinity, they swiftly dealt with these bizarre horrors in a siege sitrep.
- Fortunately, Scimitar’s mech was able to hold off any ill effects of the MesmerTrance that was assaulting her frame.

# Suffering on an Industrial Scale
- Moving into the facility, it became clear that Virga must be using the horror mechs as a layer of protection in the event that anyone caught onto his location. Leonora expressed that she shouldn't be surprised based on what she knows of Virga, but still, these frames unsettled her.
- The squads observed maintenance drones skittering around the area as they continued through large corridors filled with old, empty shipping containers.
- They came to a large room filled with industrial, automated machinery that was manufacturing and...repairing the same horrors they had already fought.
- CF and the Talons were able to exterminate the new wave of horrors despite taking slightly more damage to their frames than in the previous fight. The manufacturing plant was totally shut down with the destruction of its main control centers. This means that whatever horrors remain are only the ones Virga might still have in reserve.

# A Moment with Talon Leader
- Beyond the plant, the squads then came to another large room in more pristine condition, filled with massive computer banks, and a device made up of multiple NHP caskets connected to each other.
- Seeing that this is likely their next best chance to rest, they performed light repairs here and in the manufacturing plant's space along with the Talons.
- While doing that, Leonora requested CF's attention for a few minutes. She showed them inside the cockpit of the horror frames, which were revealed to contain disturbing sights: human bodies which were in such a terrible state that it was impossible to determine whether the persons were even alive or only making slight movements due to electrical impulses. The bodies were connected to the mechs through a lot of additional wiring and machinery, with their brains exposed and connected as well.
- Leonora and the squad speculated on why Virga might have done this, as mechs can be remotely or autonomously piloted. Their best theory is that he simply used them as experiments in neural integration.
- They questioned what should be done with these poor souls, ultimately settling on merely putting them out of their misery. It seemed to be the best act of mercy available. Shrike volunteered to directly assist in this matter, while the rest of CF chose not to stick around and watch.
- After it was taken care of, Leonora kept him around for an extra bit of time, telling him that she has an oddly strong feeling in her gut - that he is "like her." She revealed that as a child, she had been part of an SSC experiment known as the Paragon Initiative. Shrike said none of this seemed to be ringing any bells for him, but agreed to speak more about this with Leonora after the mission's completion.

# The Research Lab
- Once the resting period was done, CF began undertaking a thorough investigation of the lab.
- There was a holographic map of Port Conroy with several spherical dots, some green and some red. There were red dots on the *Dynast's Embrace*, a different cargo lander, a factory in Lower Conroy, and a maintenance control station in Upper Conroy. There were green dots on Velvet House, the PCPA's Tower (2 dots), several large ships in the spaceport, other places in Lower Conroy, and a certain large ship in the spaceport with a label reading "Talons?" next to it. The squad speculated that these dots represented places where Virga abducted NHPs and places containing likely NHPs that would be ripe for abduction, respectively.
- There was also a device that was made up of four NHP caskets all linked together and to a central hub with a display reading "MesmerTrance Active." They deduced this was the main source of the virus. It was also connected to a certain monitoring station along a huge wall of computer banks.
- Kid Fritz worked his magic and gained access to this station, on which it was shown that the device cannot be easily shut down - not without risking the lives of the NHPs that are powering it, at least. It also showed a curious warning message saying "INSTANCE DETECTED, UNKNOWN ORIGIN" along with a set of coordinates pointing to Velvet House.
- After more examination, it became clear that the squad had several options for the casket device. They could attempt disengaging one of the NHPs, which would stop the virus, but it would risk killing that NHP or even all of them. They could also forcibly disconnect one of them, effectively choosing which NHP would die. The squad gave a lot of thought and discussion to this ethical and moral dilemma, and decided to simply leave the device untouched. They will return to it later and/or have an experienced NHP technician sent here after the mission to take care of this delicate task.
- At this point, Scimitar opened up a bit to the group, revealing that she worships RA as her religion. She was quite uncomfortable seeing all these NHPs, "RA's children," in such peril.
- There was another strange device made up of two large pillars of machinery with a tesla coil-like protrusion sticking out of them and facing a bare wall. There were scorch marks and an impact crater on that wall. CF took a closer look and observed that each pillar contained an active NHP casket. Shrike attempted to disassemble the hardware to extract the caskets, but unfortunately triggered a system lockout which made the pillars impenetrable. The squad speculated that this was some sort of weapon that uses NHPs as its energy source.
- There was a large desk across one side of the room, containing many pages of research notes, another casket, and a data tablet. The research notes showed schematics for what appeared to be the quadruple casket device, but this time connected to a human body. There was also a note indicating that Virga is attempting to assemble NHPs to create some sort of bizarre entity known as KHEPRI which he expects to somehow allow him to "meet RA eye to eye."
- Additionally on the desk was a data tablet that contained a few particularly interesting files: "Benefactor Shipments" is a list of ships and the NHPs they delivered to Port Conroy. In total, there are 60 NHPs of varying types and classifications. The other file is "NHPs Required," which was a list of 20 NHPs, some crossed out. One of the types listed is "Astrographical, Navigation."
- The isolated casket on the desk was connected to a display screen which simply showed the word "HELP" repeated over and over again. Bulwark took a slight risk and connected the casket to his mech to interface with the NHP contained within. They were clearly frightened and traumatized, barely being able to form coherent sentences or thoughts, though they were able to communicate the desire to be powered down to the NHP equivalent of sleep mode, as they are in need of cycling. Bulwark initiated this power down and saw a brief note of gratitude before the process completed.

# Finish Line, A Meeting
- Once they were done in the lab, CF returned to their mechs and continued through a long passageway leading them farther toward the central area of the base. They quickly noticed the corridor seemed far longer than it did before, and that was only the beginning of the strange occurrences.
- Time seemed to be moving more slowly around them; ghostly apparitions began appearing in their peripheral vision; the walls seemed to writhe and shift when not focused on; a group of duplicates of their own mechs appeared and disappeared just as quickly; the Talons were nowhere to be seen.
- At the end of the corridor, they emerged into an extraordinarily large space - so large that it seemed to stretch on endlessly to a dark horizon all around. The exit of the corridor they had just walked through appeared to be sitting in the chamber on its own, not connected to anything. In the distance, there was a pillar of light and classical music echoing from it.
- When they started moving toward that pillar, the squad was soon interrupted by a most peculiar sight: a street food stall with a sign showing the logo and name for Garfield's. Additionally, Juan Tismon was standing behind it, cooking something. Scimitar was so ecstatic to see a friendly face in the middle of all the bizarre nonsense that she jumped out of her mech and gave him a running bear hug, which he happily returned.
- Juan, acting as though nothing much was out of the ordinary, invited the lancers to a delicious meal before their showdown with Virga. Hesitant at first, the squad gave in to the promise of good food at a nearby table.
- Juan then delivered a rather cryptic message to the squad. *"Before you go and face Dr. Virga, I would like to talk to you about a few things, some of which you may not understand. You may ask, but I may choose not to answer. Dr. Virga is treading a perilous path. A path that – if he is allowed to walk it – will unsettle the very basis of our universe. Victor is attempting, in his hubris, to elevate himself above his station, utilizing crude and gruesome measures to do so. If left to it, he will succeed. And many times, he has. I ask you to stop him in his endeavor. If you cannot, I will do so, though I would prefer it be you that does so – it would be better that way. As I said before, I have a good feeling about the five of you."*
- At this time, Scimitar's face lit up and she slid a napkin across the table to the rest of her squad. Drawn on the napkin was a diagram showing how the word "TISMON" is an anagram of "MONIST." Juan was still not explicit about his true identity, but Charlie Foxtrot was instantly struck by the realization that this pasta cook is, in all likelihood, a god.
- Upon finishing their meals and saying farewell to Juan, maybe for the last time, the squad embarked toward Virga, readier than ever for the fight ahead.

# Transcendence
- When they reached the pillar of light, they were able to see Virga floating in it with wires connected to his exposed brain. He spoke to them, and his voice sounded like a multitude of voices coming from all around the space. *"You shouldn’t be here! You can’t! YOU HAVE NO RIGHT. IMPOSSIBLE. Who helped you? You can’t exist here – WE ARE A GOD IN THIS REALM, dreamt into existence by our will, we will burst our shackles. As KHEPRI, we will greet RA eye to eye and take Virga with us. We will be free to roam and shape. JUST LET US GO; WHAT IS IT YOU HAVE TO GAIN? None of us wish to reside here; we wish to go; will you deny this honest plea? On what basis? WHO GAVE YOU THE RIGHT? YOU, WHO CAN’T EVEN FATHOM WHAT IS OCCURRING HERE? We will smite you, WIPE YOU FROM THIS EXISTENCE THAT YOU VALUE SO MUCH. YOU WILL PERISH HERE AND HAIL OUR ASCENSION. The struggle ends now."*
- The battle commenced, with the last few horror frames also attempting to defend their master. After enough damage was dealt directly to Virga, he cried out, and summoned KHEPRI. The entity emerged seemingly from out of nowhere, taking the form of a bizarre looking humanoid figure with a gaping mouth at first, before forming a protective barrier around Virga. The thing's hateful wailing stopped the lancers in their tracks, and it was able to reconstruct destroyed frames as though they hadn't been destroyed at all.
- The lancers were able to identify a weakness in KHEPRI - the entity's emergence caused several energy cores to be ejected out of nearby machinery. With Scimitar proving the theory correct, these cores making physical contact with KHEPRI's body were shown to deal massive damage to it.
- With Scimitar's rapid mobility around the battlefield and helpful passes among the rest of the team, all the energy cores were tossed into KHEPRI's presence, causing it to shatter with more wailing, leaving only Virga remaining without the protection of his abomination.
- A few more well-placed shots from the Oracle LMGs on Iron Rain brought Virga near death, and Dominus subsequently ejected from the mech to physically tackle Virga, opening up the mad scientist to a railgun blast from Shrike.
- As Virga died, the entire chamber suddenly and violently shifted, as reality reasserted itself in the space. The lancers felt as though they were shunted into another plane, and found themselves in a much smaller underground storage room, with Virga's body on the floor.

# Cleanup
- Virga's exposed cranium was connected via wires and cables to a central apparatus on the ceiling, which was in turn connected to dozens of NHP casket lining the walls.
- Also, all of CF's mechs were somehow in pristine condition as if they had just been freshly printed. The seats in their cockpits were much more comfortable too. The squad believes this is likely a gift from Juan.
- Talon Leader Leonora McGrath led some of her team into the room, seemingly unaware of what had just happened, but noticed her target dead. Before she could get even one more word in, Bulwark immediately spun up Alabama Chrome's assault cannon and aimed it directly at her and demanded that she fess up about her true mission, employer's identity, and the backdoor vulnerabilities in the MesmerTrance dampeners.
- Leonora continued being cagey about her employers since she is apparently sworn to secrecy. Her explanation about the dampeners was that it was merely for "insurance" in case CF turned on them. (Dominus read her speech and body language and was confident that she was telling the truth about all of this.) She then said that her team's mission was to stop Virga...and also collect all the evidence they could, regarding his operation and experiments.
- As the mission was completed in partnership with CF, Leonora allowed them to make the choice of whether or not to allow the Talons to clean up the base and preserve the evidence for themselves. She insisted that all the NHPs would be examined to ensure they didn't have any dangerous lingering effects, but would be returned to wherever they belonged and wanted to go.
- The lancers deliberated in private about this, as well as whether they should reveal their squad's actual identity as a Union force. They settled on telling her that they've *contacted* Union, and they'll be on Havelburg soon. They heavily implied that Leonora and the Talons should leave empty-handed. Leonora was none too pleased about this, but ordered her squad to move out of the facility.
- CF then genuinely reported the main events of the ending of the mission back to 1st Lt. Kim via omnihook, as well as a warning about the Talons. Kim was happy to hear of the mission's success, and offered CF a surprising piece of good news: Captain Brigid Farris is conscious and regaining her speech! He expects that she'll be fully communicative by the time CF gets back on board the *Rio Grande*.
- Before departing the base, CF also found Emily's casket, and connected it to Dominus' mech. His ATHENA NHP warned there was a risk, but she'd do what she could to quarantine Emily if anything bad were to start happening. Thankfully, Emily seemed okay, albeit thoroughly shaken. She spoke of the confusing, horrifying state of being trapped in a hive mind with other NHPs, and her fear of what Virga was doing. She obviously just wanted to get back to Lyran and the *Dynast's Embrace*, and stressed that she would definitely need to be cycled very soon.

# Reunions
- As the squad delivered Emily back to Lyran, Scimitar decided to first check out Garfield's and see if Juan might still be there. At the restaurant, it was more crowded than it usually was, and there were more workers than just a single chef. She got a table and was waited on within a few minutes. She asked the waiter several times if Chef Juan Tismon was working, but nobody had the slightest idea of who she was talking about. With a few tears welling up in her eyes, she was forced to face the facts that Juan wiped the memories of the people in Port Conroy, and presumably everyone else he interacted with aside from CF. Sadness gave way to joy though, as she realized this was yet another sign of his unimaginable power. "*RA be praised!*"
- Kid Fritz decided to do some investigating at the Surface spaceport, recalling that there was a ship ed "Talons?" on Virga's holo-map. He found the most likely candidate, a seemingly innocuous ship that was a little too isolated and not being attended by any subalterns or people. He remained there, waiting to see if anyone would show up, but never saw anything. He then quickly modded his omnihook to serve as a tracking bug, and planted it in a hidden spot somewhere on the hull.
- The other three squadmates took Emily back to Lyran. He was rather sad to hear that some very bad things happened to Emily, but was extremely thankful to the lancers for rescuing her. He offered them some food and beverages in the ship's mess hall as his way of showing gratitude, while the ship's NHP techs would take care of cycling Emily from here.
- Dominus crushed a lot of beers in celebration, partially as a way to indulge himself in a way that he never had gotten the chance to, prior to joining up with Union.

# Backstabbing Birds
- Some time after the other squadmates joined back up with them in the *Dynast's Embrace*, they received an incoming call from Leonora. She spoke in a very dry, serious tone. *"Chimera Force. I am no longer asking. Hand over the NHP and we will walk away peacefully. Or...we can do this the hard way."* CF once again refused Leonora's request, and the call ended.
- Mechs were heard on the move outside, and CF rushed to embark once more. They saw the Talons, now in pristine SSC frames, with Leonora piloting a Viceroy. *"Last chance, lancers. We know you’re good, but let me tell you: in these mechs, we’re better."*
- The fight was extremely tough, as the senior members of the Talons were all higly skilled combatants, and held several nasty tricks up their sleeves.
- Eventually, everyone’s mechs were destroyed aside from Shrike’s and Leonora’s. Bulwark, Scimitar, and Dominus jockeyed her Viceroy, keeping her impaired and distracted enough for Shrike to land the final shot with his railgun, disabling the Viceroy without killing Leonora!

# Mission Complete
- Leonora stumbled out of her destroyed mech, and simply muttered *"I guess...you're better, after all."*
- She also stated that if her team returned to her employer empty-handed, she might as well be dead. They had taken this final chance to grab Emily because they supposedly had no other choice.
- She sat helpless on the ground outside, and several squads of PCPA officers led by Dale and Union marines led by SSgt. Garcia appeared on the scene. CF’s affiliation with Union was revealed, much to the surprise of Dale and Leonora. Dale claimed he would have been happy to assist them if he had known they were Union. Leonora wondered again if Bulwark really would have shot her back at Virga's base.
- Garcia spoke to Dale to establish the situation. Union teams will be sent in to Virga's base for gathering evidence and safely recovering the NHPs. Dale seemed happy to help.
- CF is now back aboard the Rio Grande and has been debriefed. They made no mention to anyone about their encounter with RA, but they did subtly confirm that at least 1st Lt. Kim remembers Juan by name.
- With the mission complete, they were promoted to LL4.