# What Lies Behind and Ahead
- While awaiting the next mission briefing...
- Shrike was determined to carry on, compartmentalizing the crazy shit that happened on the previous mission.
- Fritz has become obsessed with MesmerTrance and the homebrew neurospike system he made out of it. He wants to dig more into it and see if he can use it to create some sort of system or mech out of this technology.
- Dominus felt shocked by how big the galaxy really is, as the recent world-shattering events he witnessed were merely a pinpoint on a single planet in the grand scheme of things. Who knows what else is out there? As he was confined to a single space station as a child, this is hitting him extra hard.
- Scimitar felt greatly concerned about the package favor that Magenta has given her - will this result in someone dying? Is it bad in some other way? At the same time, she is still trying to process the tremendous loss of her friend and mentor, Juan. She’s going to be making a bunch of food in the mess hall and trying to feel closer to Juan/RA by doing what he taught her.

# Welcome Back, Cap'n
- Within a few days, a ship-wide announcement went out notifying everyone that Captain Brigid Farris had been cleared to return to her duties, and has resumed command of the *Rio Grande*.
- CF was called into a meeting with the Captain, 1st Lt. Kim, and Rio. Farris began by thanking CF for all their excellent work thus far, and officially granted the lancers a promotion to the status of a special operations squad.
- Cpt. Farris also detailed the events of Operation: Solstice Rain from her own perspective. But first, Kim filled in the squad with contextual details about the Vestan Sovereignty. It turns out that a faction called the **Second Sons** performed a coup against the former leadership of the nation, and this faction was the one responsible for attacking Nov Elysia. The Sons are an authoritarian political party with an intense anti-Union stance. This stance is so strong that they disapproved of the prior leader, Sovereign Oleg Artemovich, for being marginally open-minded about potentially joining Union's purview.
- Farris explained that while she and Bannerjee were present at the diplomatic negotiations, the two of them were escorted into tunnels beneath the Hall of Consuls in Nov Elysia once the attack started. However, she realized too late that it was a trap, and was injected with a sedative. When she awoke, she was lying on a table in another room with some people talking nearby. She recognized one of them as Bannerjee, and tried to mumble their name before she was put back to sleep. Before she lost consciousness entirely, she heard one of them mention something about the "Ascendancy." But that is unfortunately all she remembers.
- With the additional discovery of a memo recovered from Bannerjee's workstation, it was confirmed that Bannerjee was collaborating with the Sons this entire time, and helped to arrange Farris' kidnapping. Their whereabouts and status is still unknown.
- Kim urged CF to remain tight-lipped about the Ascendancy, as Union and the Aun have never been on great terms with each other, and to accuse them of acting in a hostile manner against Union would require damning evidence.
- Regardless, Farris was able to convince her superiors to have the *Rio Grande* return to the Cascade-16 system in order to continue helping the LSA in the fight against the Second Sons. That will be the on-the-books explanation, at least...

# Downtime
- Kid Fritz received a message from one of his contacts in Port Conroy, who revealed that it was their ship on which Fritz planted the omni-tracker bug. He cleared up the misunderstanding and all seemed well.
- He then told CF the truth about his involvement with his contacts in Port Conroy, including how he released MesmerTrance into Velvet House as part of a personal effort to "test the waters" of these factions. He still isn't sure what to think about Harper's people.
- Scimitar then brought up how she had received a job from Magenta Red after performing quite well in a recent boxing match. Magenta tasked her with a couple of jobs: one of them is to deliver a package to a scientist, and the other is to have anyone of high technical skills go to Velvet House to assist with a certain issue they've been dealing with. Scimitar also revealed that a big burly man mentioned Fritz by name, and Fritz recognized this as one of Harper's people.
- Kid Fritz will be looking into the Talons’ confiscated equipment & continue developing something usable on a mech based on MesmerTrance.
- Shrike spoke to Leonora, but she was quite hesitant to divulge any more info. It was strongly implied that she would be more willing to talk if Union could guarantee her safety from her employers, who will undoubtedly be displeased with her once they realize she failed her mission.
- Dominus proposed founding a merc company, as it could help bring in some additional money and also its members could report back any sensitive intel they might encounter during missions. He also mentioned that Dale seemed as though he would have liked to work with Union, and nobody in CF can be the face of this merc outfit. So...what if they made Dale the face? Scimitar wasn’t sure about that aspect. Shrike said he’d prefer Lyran Stavros in that position. *“What, the space trucker?!”* Fritz actually proposed getting Leonora to do it, which Shrike was actually kind of in support of, if it could be arranged in such a way that would ensure cooperation.
- Dominus made his proposal to Dale, who was initially unsure, but ultimately agreed to everything, mainly due to his feelings of frustration in dealing with the PCPA's hesitancy to take down Magenta Red. He resigned from the force and signed up with Dominus' new group, the **Peerless**. Dominus also spent some time gathering more people from around Port Conroy who are generally sympathetic to Union. Lyran Stavros agreed to provide transport for all the founding recruits as a gift of gratitude for the rescue of Emily.
- Shrike spent some time aboard the *Rio Grande* filing official after-action reports. He did a fine job, and made Garcia's marines look very good in the reports, which has garnered him their respect.

# In Pursuit of Ghosts
- Cpt. Farris gave the lancers their next mission briefing, including the rundown of the mission-relevant events happening on each planet in the Cascade-16 system. Now a spec ops squad, CF will have a much greater degree of self-direction over the course of the mission. They will need to move with urgency, though, because the Sons are definitely preparing for something big.
- The squad unanimously decided that Cressidium would be the best place to start due to the potentially time sensitive nature of the political prisoners being held at the Ironhold prison camp.
- CF took the shuttle, piloted by Lieutenant Eleanor "Ellie" Pryce, down to Nov Elysia. They witnessed many of its citizens rebuilding what had been destroyed, standing firm in the face of adversity.
- At the Hall of Consuls, the squad met with the main leader of the LSA's military, General Marina Vasilyeva. She explained that she believes a counterattack to strike the Second Sons while they're regrouping would be the best next move in the war. However, her superiors aren't of the same opinion.
- Until that is resolved, she does have something that CF can help with: she suspects that there is a traitor within her ranks. Evidence has been collected against Ambassador Darius Strazni and Admiral Jade Vilchis, but General Vasilyeva doesn't have enough to pin down either one of them.
- Messages have been intercepted flowing between Darius Strazni and an unknown contact located within the Sovereignty's borders. The messages seem to be very informal to be official business between ambassadors.
- Jade Vilchis has been linked to a series of transfers of large sums of money through an offshore account. It is possible that she is taking bribes from the Second Sons.
- The general asked CF to investigate each of them, which they agreed to do.

# No Fighting in the War Rooms - the Diplomat
- The squad began their investigation with Ambassador Strazni; using the cover story that they were simply following Bannerjee's trail, which was admittedly true.
- Kid Fritz and Scimitar went to talk to Strazni while Dominus and Shrike checked his office. 
- Strazni didn't remember witnessing Bannerjee doing anything suspicious, but did remember a moment when he saw Bannerjee speaking to a woman with a shaved head and a unique headdress. She was there on behalf of the Sovereignty, but Darius wasn't sure who she was, exactly. She wouldn't have been someone officially involved with the diplomatic talks, though, that's for sure.
- Scimitar and Fritz weren't having much luck extracting information out of him, so they invented another story about how Union was doing a data audit of all possible people involved with Bannerjee, with Fritz saying “let me see your communicator device, I’ll go ahead and look at it to get this out of the way,” but Strazni wasn't persuaded.
- Meanwhile, Shrike dug through a bunch of Strazni's documents in his office, and Dominus noticed a sticky note saying "Do you know the password?" They tried typing that into the workstation on the desk, but got nothing. Then they just tried typing "yes" as the password, and that was correct!
- They read through an unsent draft of a message the ambassador was going to send to the unknown contact, and it gave them the impression that the ambassador was communicating with someone personally very close to him.
- After passing along this info to Scimitar and Fritz, they were able to get something out of Strazni: that he and his ex-wife had reconnected and started messaging each other just before Nov Elysia was attacked. He claims that he does not want her to come to harm if her relation to him becomes known to the Sons.
- Scimitar encouraged him to come forward with this information to the LSA leadership, and with the promise that it would remain discreet, he agreed to do so.
- CF reported these findings to General Vasilyeva.

# No Fighting in the War Rooms - the Admiral
- The squad then proceeded to the docks where Admiral Vilchis was overseeing some general defensive maneuvering and other more mundane activities with the LSA's fleet.
- The admiral was extremely blunt and serious in demeanor, and it was clear that she did not enjoy answering CF's questions. With a call from General Vasilyeva, she was all but forced to comply with the squad's desires, though.
- Aboard her flagship vessel, they attempted to get several answers out of her under a guise similar to what they had used with Strazni. Surprisingly, Vilchis was very forthcoming with information about the sums of money she had been receiving.
- She claimed that she had a great aunt who was living in the Sovereignty and recently passed, leaving a large inheritance to Vilchis in the will. Vilchis also claimed that she set up the shell company to handle the money transfers, hoping that it would not show up as a cause for alarm with her superiors. Finally, she said that she would gladly comply with any more investigation into the matter, and will be submitting a formal report to General Vasilyeva acknowledging her wrongdoing.
- It seemed as though she was trying to give the squad something they'd accept and run with, so CF remained suspicious. They continued working her, with Shrike slipping away at some point to investigate her office. He didn't have a keycard to access it, so he texted Fritz. Fritz excused himself to a bathroom and sent over what Shrike needed.
- Shrike recovered some relevant financial documents from her desk which had information about the shell company, including its name, address, and registered owner: Nikolai Sonavitch. Shrike took photos of all of this for evidence.
- The admiral expressed her frustration with how they were prying into her "personal life" but ultimately tried to keep her cool before seeing them off the flagship.
- CF reported their findings back to General Vasilyeva, who now has enough to open up an official investigation into Vilchis. In the meantime, the squad should come back to the Hall of Consuls to discuss another topic.

# A Simple Suggestion
- In a conference room, General Vasilyeva projected a map of the geographical territory between the LSA and the Vestan Sovereignty. She pointed out a narrow land bridge connecting the nations and explained that the LSA's ground forces would rely on this bridge if a counteroffensive were to happen.
- The problem is that satellite imagery and scouting data confirms the Second Sons have set up a fortified defensive front in a particular stretch of this bridge. There are multiple large chassis frames clearly designed for long-range ordnance delivery, meaning if the LSA's army were to march in the region, their numbers would be thinned out to a large degree. Vasilyeva believes this is the main reason why her superiors do not want to risk a counteroffensive.
- Therefore, if CF were to deploy in the region and eliminate the artillery platforms, it would give the LSA much less of a reason to avoid a counteroffensive. Of course she was not giving them an order to do this, but merely throwing it out there as an idea. *"You are a Union spec ops squad, after all."*
- It was also explained that the Ironhold prison camp is not excessively farther inland beyond the Sovereignty's border in this region, and having the backing of the LSA's army would make CF's prison break mission significantly more likely to succeed.
- CF acknowledged that this was likely their best bet for the mission, and agreed to their new objective.
- They also received a side objective from the general: scan 6 unique classes of enemy mechs on Cressidium.

# The Best Defense...
- CF returned to their shuttle and deployed at the land bridge. They made their way to the Sons' artillery platforms, catapult-class frames, and began the strike.
- A lot of reinforcements showed up to the fray in an effort to prevent further damage, so CF needed to destroy the catapults and extract as quickly as possible.
- Scimitar delivered the killing blow to the final catapult, and as she did so, she ended up grabbing a nanite cluster which the frame would have used as ammunition. This can now be used as a sort of grenade.
- Fortunately, the squad was easily able to get away cleanly after that, falling back to the shuttle before being totally overrun by the Second Sons.

# Scouting the Region
- Back at the shuttle, the squad tuned up their mechs and reported their success back to General Vasilyeva.
- The general explained that she was still in the process of convincing the LSA to mount an offensive into the Sovereignty's borders, but with CF's strike, she believes she'll have a much easier time with this. (In fact, she had already reported their success before it even happened since she was so confident that they'd pull it off!)
- In the meantime, she encouraged CF to do some scouting and learn of any points of interest that the Sons have in the region, passing along any valuable intel that would help the LSA.
- Dominus attempted to use his active cloaking, flight capabilities, and thermal visor to scout from the air, although he accidentally caught the attention of an enemy soldier from the ground. Instead, Kid Fritz snuck up to the soldier and applied a nanite spray to the soldier's back, allowing Dominus to track the soldier from a distance as the squad tailed them.

# Supply Depot
- They were led to a large supply depot warehouse that the Sons were using to ship gear and supplies through. Scimitar swiftly knocked out one of the security guards to make use of his uniform. Fritz put on his charmer's hat and had a friendly conversation with a worker in his early 20s named Jakob. Fritz went along with the chat, mostly shooting the shit about the Second Sons' overall standing in the war with the LSA, and he was able to get Jakob to show him to a coolant reservoir meant to be used on a mech. Additionally, after getting Jakob's contact info, he revealed that a lot of supplies recently passed through the warehouse meant for the famous "Viperstrike" mech - including nanite whitewash, restock drones, and other remotely-managed systems.
- Scimitar then made use of the uniform herself, posing as a worker on the warehouse floor until she was able to identify and follow a floor manager back to their office. Through some convincing deception, she got the manager to reveal that a very high amount of anti-aircraft weaponry was being shipped through the depot over to the front lines so that the Sovereignty will be extra prepared for attempted airstrikes by the LSA.
- In order to move on to the next possible POI, Dominus hijacked a truck after it got to a certain distance away from the warehouse, tying up the driver and keeping him in the back. Dominus attempted to intimidate the driver into giving out the destination he was heading to, but the driver called his bluff, believing that Dominus wouldn't dare use his bladed whip weapon to torture him.
- Thankfully, the squad found a GPS system which had been set to route the truck to another location, which they decided to go to.

# Comms Station
- The route led them to a comms station guarded by more soldiers. From a distance, Fritz hacked into the station's mainframe and issued orders to allow their truck to enter through the gate unimpeded. It worked, allowing the squad to get inside the station easily.
- Fritz also discovered messages which indicated that the Sons have been able to intercept and decrypt some of the LSA’s communications. Additionally, a pair of sturdy defender mechs ("Iron Sentinel" and "Guardian") were sent to an FOB in the vicinity to help defend it in case of attack. These mechs are equipped with rapid-recharge shielding systems.
- Inside the station itself, Scimitar put her skills that she learned from Juan to good use, cooking up an extremely delectable gourmet ration-based meal, and delivered it to the sergeant on duty. He was so taken by the amazing taste of a Garfields-inspired burger that he didn't even mind the fact that Scimitar was a new face in the facility. He then absent-mindedly left her alone in his office as he returned to his duties elsewhere, allowing her to search through some documents and find out that there was a "static grenade" mech system in storage at the armory.
- Dominus continued poring over other messages and records that Fritz had retrieved, and figured out that there was a convoy of troop transport vehicles, tanks, and even some mechs that was moving across the area relatively close by, and around that time.

# Convoy
- CF took their truck to a place along the convoy's route where they could intercept it, seeing a very long line of bumper-to-bumper vehicles, some with infantry soldiers riding on top.
- They decided that the best course of action would be to park the truck in front of the convoy to bring to a halt and create a minor distraction. Before doing this, they decided to untie the driver and let him walk away freely. He seemed more frustrated about being kidnapped than frightened for his life.
- Without the rest of the squad's knowledge, Fritz sent word back to General Vasilyeva to have that person picked up and taken in as a prisoner just to make sure he didn't report CF back to his superiors, although Fritz considered offing him instead. He ultimately decided to go with the morally superior option after giving a lot of thought to his place and duties within Union.
- Once the squad was able to sneak and blend into a certain vehicle in the convoy, it became clear that it was transporting almost entirely infantry, infantry-scale equipment, and anti-mech weaponry intended to be wielded by humans. The direction that the convoy is heading points to another choke point on the land bridge between the LSA and the Sovereignty.
- Scimitar utilized her Tarantula Climb-Assist Hardsuit to travel along the underside of other vehicles to eavesdrop on some of the soldiers. She overheard some people mention an interesting, albeit somewhat janky mech system nicknamed the "sidecar" being carried.
- She also heard that the convoy was initially being escorted by 3 mechs that had a lot of turret drones ready to deploy, but they received a change in their orders early on, and they were sent to help guard Ironhold prison. Those mechs' callsigns are "Falconwatcher," "Hawkeye," and "Eagleclaw."
- CF then decided to leave the convoy and return to scouting the general area to see what else they could dig up. Rho knocked on the door of an isolated farmhouse in a field, and an elderly civilian who could barely understand Union Common answered the door. Rho was successfully able to interpret what the man was trying to tell him, and it turned out to be a story about a smoking ship not crashing from the sky, but making an unusual landing in the forest not too far away.

# Damaged Ship
- CF headed toward the ship in search of it, eventually finding it grounding in an unusual spot indeed. Trees were down just behind it, indicating a clear emergency landing. A slight plume of smoke was still coming from the engine, but it seemed to have been there for a while. It bore the colors of the Sovereignty.
- From the outside, the squad couldn't see any people or mechs in or around the ship. Scimitar checked the outer perimeter just to be safe, and noticed tracks of mechs that had traveled away from the ship.
- Fritz used his personal drone to take some scans of the ship, confirming that there were no people nor mechs on board. He found that whoever was on the ship must have had to leave some supplies behind, including a care package of extra repairs which CF can now use for their own mechs later.
- Dominus attempted to do a more thorough investigation of the ship on its interior, but accidentally triggered an emergency broadcast signal to all Sons agents nearby, which he quickly disabled.
- Scimitar figured it would be a good idea to follow the trail of mech tracks, which isn't a difficult task in a forested area. The squad followed the trail for several hours, eventually coming to a military base guarded by 2 bastion-class frames and surrounded by a fortress-style wall.

# FOB
- Scimitar once again used her Tarantula Hardsuit to scale the wall and the buildings of the FOB, which allowed her to peer through some of the windows. On a computer screen, she saw maps and diagrams showing how the Sons might respond to various attack scenarios undertaken by the LSA. Using her slate, she snapped pictures of everything she could.
- She also got sight of a formidable looking assault-class frame, and overheard that one Commander Ivan Drostov, callsign Dragunov, was aboard the ship when it malfunctioned and had to make an emergency landing. The assault mech belongs to him.
- CF concluded that this FOB would need to be dealt with in order to continue the journey toward Ironhold prison.

# Back to the Shuttle
- With a solid batch of intel and reserves gathered from a hard day's work (and some sheer, dumb luck), CF returned back to their shuttle.
- They reported all their findings to General Vasilyeva, who sounded very optimistic that all of CF's progress would ensure the LSA's offensive march would be cleared to proceed any moment now.

# Operation Phoenix is a Go
- General Vasilyeva confirmed after a short waiting period that the LSA’s offensive maneuver, Operation Phoenix, was cleared to proceed. Their armies will be marching on the Sovereignty’s territory very soon.
- She recommended that the lancers make the nearby enemy FOB, “Ravenspire,” their next target, as it would present the ideal opportunity to neutralize some Sons mechs and point them in the direction of Ironhold.

# FOB Ravenspire
- CF chose to assault the FOB a short while after the LSA’s armies reached the Sovereignty, in order to get the benefit of having a precision airstrike from the LSA available in case they needed it. However, the enemy had a slight advantage due to the extra time they had to lock down the base.
- Present at the FOB were Commander "Dragunov" in his assault-class frame, "Iron Sentinel" and "Guardian" in their bastions, and the team of three engineers: "Hawkeye," "Falconwatcher," and "Eagleclaw."
- Shrike opened the attack with a phenomenally effected railgun shot, causing one of the bastions to fall immediately as it rushed to protect the commander. Indeed, that set the stage appropriately for how this fight would play out.
- The enemy's advantage didn't matter, and the airstrike wouldn’t need to be used at all, as the lancers stormed the base and captured it with ease.
- Most of the enemy infantry who were stationed at Ravenspire retreated out into the wilderness, heading in the same general direction - undoubtedly toward Ironhold.
- CF then had some time to sweep the base for any intel and resources they could make use of. They found a tactical map of the region, including the exact location of Ironhold and some of the guard forces on duty there, including Viperstrike.

# Prison Break
- The lancers detained the captured enemy pilots at the FOB so that the LSA could pick them up whenever they arrived there, and set off for Ironhold.
- The prison camp was located in between two mountains, partially concealed by the natural canopies of the terrain. This likely explains how the prison was never found by the LSA.
- Ironhold was being protected by a rainmaker-class frame positioned high up on the tallest structure, some advanced goliaths, and Viperstrike's support frame.
- Things looked a bit more difficult than the last fight, with Shrike's mech taking a lot of heat, both from the enemies and from itself. It ultimately suffered a reactor meltdown, forcing Shrike to eject the core as it detonated.
- Fortunately, Man's Best Friend caused many of the enemies to become stunned due to the gorgon frame's frankly frightening abilities. This greatly aided the team as they eliminated all threats and captured Ironhold!

# The Prison's Secrets
- Many of the prisoners here said they were innocent, captured by the Second Sons during the coup. They informed CF that Sovereign Artemovich is not here. Dominus gently persuaded one of the less talkative prisoners to reveal what they knew - they overheard some guards talking about taking Artemovich off-world to a laboratory on Vezoria via the use of TARTARUS.
- CF also found a document that stated the following. *“The Chosen remain in place. Under their guidance and direction, Crimson Eclipse will block out the skies of Cressidium. However, we must show a reasonable level of caution. If the Sovereignty is to be elevated, it should not be over a dead world. We must not only prove to Union that we lack the need of their governance, but also that we can outdo them.“*
- Additionally, an audio log was found, which seems to be a recording of a call between a Second Sons officer and General Thorne himself. In it, the general revealed that he has brought out something called "The Big Money" to fight the LSA's army.

# A Thorne in Your Side
- General Vasilyeva abruptly contacted the lancers before they did anything else. She was clearly in the middle of the warzone, but was able to warn CF - Thorne is piloting the biggest mech she's ever seen, and it's now heading toward CF's location!
- The squad had a choice to make - would they stay and try to take out Thorne while they had the chance, or depart Cressidium to continue focusing on their primary mission?
- CF, of course, made the decision to rest up a bit and prepare to battle Thorne, knowing they might not get a better chance in the future. There is no time for a full repair, but they were able to restore Morta back to operation.
- Thorne’s behemoth of a mech, “The Big Money,” definitely gave CF a run for their...money. Although they took quite a beating, they still managed to bring down the war machine!
- Upon investigation of the cockpit, or rather more accurately the bridge of the behemoth, the lancers were shocked to find that Thorne was nowhere to be seen. They confirmed there was no possible way he could have escaped.
- However, they also found an unusual device mounted to the pilot's chair. It was about the size of a book and resembled an older style calculator with a pixelated screen, a numerical keypad, and a couple of switches. Further investigation of this device would reveal that nobody is sure of what it does, but CF had a feeling it's some sort of personal teleporter.
- Shrike flipped both switches to the off position, and though it was even beyond Fritz' understanding, the squad was able to determine that the black switch was for powering the device, the red switch was the method of confirming input, and the device acts differently depending on what numerical 4-digit code is submitted.
- Kid Fritz got the idea to send a secure message to Jakob in an attempt to get him to report back any strange intel he could find, though even Fritz acknowledged it was quite a shot in the dark.
- The squad was able to salvage one of the auxiliary nodes from The Big Money, and reverse engineer it to create a new custom piece of mech gear - an Auto Extinguisher system.

# We Reap What we Sow
- One last check-in with General Vasilyeva revealed that the LSA had made great strides in the battle, and she feels they will definitely win this war, in no small part thanks to CF. She also told them that Admiral Vilchis had been detained while trying to flee Nov Elysia disguised as a marine.
- CF decided to head to the Hall of Consuls and speak to Vilchis once more, hopefully to try getting some information out of her. In her cell, she definitely showed signs of having lost her composure, but she remained stoic as ever. In fact, she attempted to bargain with the squad by asking them to ensure she got off clean.
- Shrike showed her the memo they had found in FOB Ravenspire indicating the Second Sons now considered her expendable. She mostly retracted her original requests and instead appealed to their affiliation with Union, hoping that they would at least try to arrange for her safety.
- She went ahead and told them everything that transpired between her and the Sons. Prior to the events of Operation Solstice Rain (or Operation Vorpal, as the Sons refer to it), they had contacted her, simply asking her to guarantee that Captain Brigid Farris would be in the Hall of Consuls at a certain date - this would of course be the date of Farris' kidnapping. In exchange she was promised several sums of money and safe evacuation into the Sovereignty where she could live a long, happy life.
- She explained that she carried out her task by simply nudging Ambassador Bannerjee in the direction of bringing down a higher ranking officer for the diplomatic negotiations. She banked on this subtle sort of approach, and it seemed to have worked.
- CF concluded she was likely just a scapegoat, as they now know Bannerjee was the one responsible for getting Farris into the Hall of Consuls on that day. Vilchis was not exactly pleased to have heard this news, but she held a strange sort of acceptance in the fact that she made a poor decision and would now have to live with the consequences.
- Before departing, Scimitar cooked some pasta using a technique Juan had shown her - making the noodles by hand with flour. Vilchis was thankful for the meal (after Kid Fritz tested it for poison with a couple of bites).
- The squad also promised to put in word for security around Vilchis to be tightened up since there is a provable threat against her from the Sons.

# Shrike & Talon Leader
- The squad returned to the *Rio Grande* for full repairs and a chance to get some proper rest. Shrike decided to pay a visit to Leonora, still in custody in the brig. It turns out she had already requested his presence whenever he returned.
- She simply asked him, "Has it happened yet?" At first he pretended not to know what she meant, but she instantly called his bluff. He told her that he has indeed experienced a paracausal intrusion since they last spoke.
- Her reaction showed that she was quite satisfied with this. *"That was probably just a small taste. First awareness, then embracement, then mastery, as Dr. Lucero would say. You have taken the first steps on the path to greatness, like me. But I imagine you have alternate motivations. This is acceptable. As I said before, I do not expect you to fully agree with my views, but your advancement represents another step forward for us all. Don’t forget that, Shrike. And don’t forget who made you aware."*
- She speculated that a team of assassins sent by SSC was probably already on Havelburg looking for her, and warned Shrike that they would try to covertly gain access to the *Rio Grande* at some point. She feels somewhat safe in Union's custody, but also made a request for some sort of entertainment such as a book or a TV due to the boredom. Shrike put in a word for her in regards to this request.

# A Reunion
- As Dominus was getting settled in his private quarters, 1st Lt. Kim showed up to deliver some good news. An old friend from Dominus' past was aboard the ship: Vilicus, the NHP who was assigned to him in childhood.
- Vilicus, having been psychologically conditioned to be sympathetic to the whims and views of a SecComm-idealizing group, had been undergoing therapeutic reconditioning and cycling by Union's NHPRO (NHP Regulatory Office) to restore him back to his true self. He still remains loyal to Rho, who he sees as a dear friend and mentee, and specifically requested to be returned to him so that he may assist however he can, including in combat.
- Dominus was about to request Vilicus' assistance in identifying the strange device found in Thorne's mech, but Rio interrupted, as she had been eavesdropping on the happy reunion. Apparently she lives for identifying mysterious technology. Dominus agreed to allow her to analyze it. She'll have a report as soon as possible.

# Chaos in Port Conroy
- Kid Fritz received an omni-message from Harper outlining new developments in Port Conroy. Apparently shit is going *down*. Shortly after Union departed the planet with the rescued NHPs, the Dustbranded gang moved in to launch an offensive against the Magenta Syndicate. What was once an upstart rag-tag group is now more organized and allied with other previously disparate smaller gangs.
- Additionally, the Syndicate has been dealing with a catastrophic virus (the version of MesmerTrance that Fritz unleashed in Velvet House) has played a role in weakening their defenses and stability. They're still holding out for the most part, thanks to the HA Sherman mechs they've apparently had in reserve.
- However, the people of Upper Conroy have been caught in the crossfire more often than usual due to the conflict. And the PCPA seems keen on simply letting the two criminal factions fight each other for as long as possible before they step in. Harper and her group are very much unhappy with how things are playing out.
- She realized she would have to give more details to Fritz to try and convince him to trust her, so she revealed her group is known as ZeroTrace, or 0t for short. They have been doing as much as they can to help the civilians of Port Conroy stay safe, but they just don't have the influence or the numbers to make a big difference.
- Therefore, they plan on taking their ship to the local blink station, Rainier Station, to gather more hacktivists who are sympathetic to their cause and start making enough noise for the galaxy to hear their plight. They wish to speak of the injustices of IPS-N's mishandling of the Disaster and the current gang war, as well as Union's seeming disinterest in actively helping.
- Harper simply wanted Fritz' word that he would help them whenever he had a chance. He agreed.

# Scimitar Gets a Reminder
- While working out in the ship gym, Scimitar observed a TV showing the OmniNews Now channel. The anchor was speaking about the ongoing situation on Cressidium as far as what Union has officially agreed to share with the public. But the ticker text at the bottom of the screen said "...VOLADORES TRADE SHIP DEPARTS LYSITHIA PRIME AFTER EXTENDED STAY, EXPECTED TO RETURN TO RAINIER STATION IN THE COMING WEEKS."
- This reminded her of the job that Magenta Red had personally given her - delivering a package to a scientist named Karina Dowe who was traveling with the Voladores.
- She went back to her quarters to ensure she still had the package, and on the way through the corridors, she overheard a member of the crew talking to another about the Voladores. This man was very excited by the prospect of getting to see the Voladores in person one day. Scimitar decided to approach the man to inquire further on this enigmatic faction.
- The man, an occasional sparring partner to Scimitar named Elias, said he has heard stories about the Voladores and has long wanted to see them in person one day. His companion, Izzy, seemed rather skeptical that he would ever actually get the experience he's built up in his mind. Elias explained that the Voladores tend to stick around in orbit at certain locations for weeks or months at a time, so if the *Rio Grande* goes to Rainier Station after the situation in Cascade-16 is under control, there's a very good chance the Voladores will still be there.
- Scimitar decided to extend some kindness to Elias, and invited both him and Izzy to accompany her on "top secret business" she had with the Voladores, once the time comes. Izzy appreciated the gesture; Elias was ecstatic.
- She also had Fritz arrange for a secure message to make its way to Karina through Rainier, if possible, in order to request that the Voladores remain at the station for at least as long as it takes Scimitar to get there.
- In her quarters, she verified that she indeed still has the package, buried under some stuff in a drawer.

# An Unexpected Video
- Before the squadmates retired to bed for the subjective night, they received a ping on their slates - an urgent message from Rio: "Need you in the briefing room. Now. Don’t tell anyone else, not even Cpt. Farris or Lt. Kim."
- There, Rio explained that the *Rio Grande* had picked up an incoming message from an unknown source earlier that day, which turned out to be a video. She wanted to show it to CF before passing it along to their superiors.
- The video simply showed a person sitting down in a chair facing the camera as they spoke. It was none other than Nilan Bannerjee.
- Bannerjee calmly spoke, specifically to Charlie Foxtrot, evidently. They warned the squad that the more they continued tampering with things, the more danger they would cause to themselves, their allies, and potentially others who aren't directly involved at this point. They also mentioned Captain Farris by name and said she has "already played her part." Generally they played it off as though they were simply a messenger rather than an enemy.
- CF decided that though Bannerjee wasn't technically wrong, they still determined that it would be even worse if they chose not to act. Rio expressed fears of what Bannerjee might be hinting at, but she ultimately agreed with the lancers that it was likely just a fear tactic. She and certain squadmates also theorized that the video may actually contain some sort of bizarre frequencies encoded within which might activate some kind of sleeper agent in Farris. For the sake of being extra cautious, Rio will simply read the transcript to Farris.

# Charting a Course
- In the briefing room, Charlie Foxtrot went over the intel they had gathered and determined that their next best step in Mission: Phantom Pursuit would be Vezoria, as they wish to ensure Roth Yakovlev's safety and wellbeing as well as finally finding Sovereign Artemovich.

# Welcome to the Jungle
- In the Vezorian colony of Aeon, CF was greeted by chief of security **Jaxon Shire**, head scientist **Elara Vega**, and quartermaster **Aria Navarre**.
- They explained that due to the Second Sons’ much higher military/mech presence on this planet, they intended to capitulate to the Sons when they inevitably show up. They expressed some hope that CF could help protect them, or get them to safety somehow.
- CF revealed that the Sons are actually looking for someone named **Roth Yakovlev** as their primary objective, though the name was unknown to everyone in the colony. Figuring he must be using an alias, the lancers looked around.
- They ultimately found him - an older man going by a different name who worked in the xenobiology lab. He accepted CF’s offer of protection when they pointed out there was likely a spy in Aeon.
- Roth also explained that he is originally Vestan by nationality. Years ago, he worked on a project involving something similar to teleportation, but more like “storing” a person in an extradimensional place. That project was a joint effort between the LSA and the Sovereignty, but it ended prematurely in chaos. Roth felt guilt over what he had done, and destroyed as much evidence as he could before fleeing and defecting to the LSA under a new name.
- Roth indicated that he would elaborate more at a safer place, and CF sent him back to the Rio Grande via their shuttle.

# Big Trouble in Little Aeon
- Not long after that, the Second Sons abruptly appeared and started attacking the colony, with the ensuing fight also attracting some aggressive fauna.
- CF eliminated all threats in the area, and thankfully Aeon was undamaged in the battle.
- However, it was still a grim sight to see the destroyed wrecks and dead soldiers strewn about the typically peaceful settlement.
- Jaxon Shire had been injured in the fight, but he reported no known casualties.
- Elara thanked CF for fighting back, but pointed out that the colony is totally helpless on its own. CF said that they had found Roth and would be keeping him safe aboard their ship, and would do what they can to ensure Aeon's safety.
- Aria gave the squad a special one time use drone that can be deployed in battle to apply lock-on to every enemy at the same time.

# Ghosts of the Past
- As CF repaired their mechs and Roth made it to the *Rio Grande*, he went into more detail about his past work.
- The joint project of the LSA and Sovereignty years ago was known as **Project Typhon**. Its purpose was to make a way for transporting large amounts of people in a small, compact “pocket dimension.” This was just as the powers of Cressidium decided to begin traveling the solar system and branching out to Vezoria. The colonization efforts were separate, until the Sovereignty and LSA agreed to collaborate on Typhon. It was supposedly in the best interest of everyone.
- But tensions were still there between the nations. Roth had hoped the collaboration would bring them together.
- Roth was (and still is) a neurologist. His primary role in Typhon was to ensure the subjects’ mental faculties would remain fully intact and protected during the transfer process as they passed into and out of the pocket dimension.
- There was a Vestan scientist named **Isaac Ravyenko** who was one of the co-leaders of Typhon. Roth discovered that he had been using actual, living people as test subjects for some of the experiments, with only a small group of people knowing he was doing this. These experiments involved highly invasive brain surgeries, attempted genetic modification, and DNA splicing. All through the technology that was being developed through Typhon.
- When Roth found out about this, he tried to find a way to deliver the evidence to the proper authorities. But then he found communication logs indicating that Ravyenko had actually been granted permission to perform these experiments by the Sovereignty’s government.
- Shortly after that, a fight broke out between a Vestan and a Leandric scientist, which rapidly escalated into a riot. Guards from both nations got involved but the situation spiraled out of control. In a last ditch effort, Roth decided to destroy all the plans, schematics, and explanations of the project so that Ravyenko and the other Vestan scientists would at least experience a significant setback. Roth hoped it would help protect other people.
- He then fled the facility during the chaos and managed to take on a new name and ingratiate himself into the LSA’s Vezorian colonization efforts.
- After his story concluded, CF had Rio show him the strange device they had found in General Thorne's mech. Roth didn't fully recognize it, but agreed that it looks like something which would have been developed during the days of Typhon.
- He also agreed that Tartarus is somehow related to Typhon, and that the Second Sons are likely interested in the Typhon project, seeing as how they are trying to capture Roth alive.
- With his memories of the facility and Rio combing through satellite data, she was able to pin down the coordinates of this facility so that CF could head there. At the very least, investigating the place was their next best lead.

# Run Through the Jungle
- After hours of traveling through the Vezorian jungles, CF arrived at the base. They saw various kinds of wildlife skulking about the place, in addition to fully automated mech-scale drones patrolling the area.
- Dominus attempted a risky maneuver, hoping to distract some of the wildlife and stir them up into attacking the drones, but the creatures seemed to be nothing but hostile towards CF themselves.
- Also, the creatures and drones seemed to be working together! The situation obviously turned into a full-on fight for control of this territory, with CF coming out on top, as always.

# Typhon
- A quick investigation into the creatures' corpses revealed that they had some implants in their heads - undoubtedly the reason for their working alongside the automated defenses.
- After some light repairs, CF figured that a squad of Second Sons mechs was probably on its way to their position, so they knew they had to move quickly.
- Roth explained that there was a large cargo elevator leading down into the subterranean laboratories which were the main facilities.
- Rio warned that the comms connection back to the *Rio Grande* would be spotty at best.
- The lancers then started their descent into the lab. The elevator was equipped with some monitors, which flashed to life partway through the journey.
- The image of a man wearing a lab coat appeared on one of them. *"So, you've come to uncover the truths hidden within these walls. You wish to talk? Very well. We will talk. But you should understand some things."*
- Another monitor showed multiple angles of security cameras focused on cages and holding cells with various wildlife, their bodies twisted and melded with weapons and machinery. *“All of these…test subjects…will be unleashed and left to run rampant if you do not do as I say.”*
- A third monitor showed a man dressed in a formal suit and restrained to a chair inside of a glass chamber. Tubes and wires could be seen across his body. *"Also…the life of Sovereign Artemovich hangs on a thread. With the push of a button, he will change…permanently. Once you enter this facility, you are to dismount your mechs and surrender your weapons. If you do not, the Sovereign as you know him will die."*
- At this point, Kid Fritz determined he simply wasn't cut out for this mission anymore, and wished to focus on helping 0t with the situation back in Port Conroy. He said his goodbyes to the squad and hovered back to the surface of Vezoria.

# Tartarus
- Knowing they could be walking into a trap, CF decided to dismount and disarm as the elevator brought them down to the underground labs, with the goal of talking to this mysterious scientist to see what he wanted.
- As the guards led CF through the facility, they spotted several other guards, scientists, holding cells with the bizarre monstrosities, and a strange construct resembling a large hole mounted to the wall; though the latter was difficult to properly identify at a distance.
- The squad came to a viewing platform overlooking an extremely large room with more cells and tube-like chambers - one of which was where Oleg Artemovich was being held.
- At a further elevated position, behind another thick pane of glass, the scientist from the elevator monitor was looking over CF. He introduced himself as Isaac Ravyenko - the very same scientist from Roth’s history.
- Ravyenko explained that he firmly believes the Second Sons will lose the war against the LSA and Union, and he wished to make a deal: he wants legal and civic protection after the conflict is over, and in exchange, he will provide as much intel as he can to CF.
- Secondly, he will give CF what he believes to be an NHP that has secretly been in the Sovereignty ever since its founding. This NHP was used in attempts to provide a central processor for Typhon, then Tartarus, but it has proven to be rather tricky to work with, mainly due to the Sovereignty's lack of expertise when it comes to NHPs and paracausality.
- Thirdly, he will give them either General Thorne or Sovereign Artemovich (the one they choose to leave behind being Ravyenko's "insurance"). He explained Thorne is detained within Tartarus, among several other high ranking Second Sons officers.
- CF huddled and agreed to take the deal, but also stay ready to backstab Ravyenko if the chance presents itself, in the event that they conclude he is preparing to backstab them. They accepted the deal.
- Ravyenko told them that Tartarus is actually a new, superior version of Typhon - a pocket dimension whose central hub is located in this facility. The devices such as the one found in Thorne's mech are called "Tartarus links," and they allow people to enter the pocket dimension. However, Ravyenko (or another trained technician) would be required to extract the subject out of it. While a subject is inside it, it feels like they are under the effects of an anesthetic and time passes extremely slowly for them. Of course, several Second Sons officers keep Tartarus links in their mechs so that they can make a quick getaway without being captured or killed in combat. What the Sons don't know is that Ravyenko is hoarding them inside Tartarus, in order to make sure his plan to betray his superiors actually works.
- CF asked what he knew about the "Chosen Ones," and Ravyenko explained this term refers to a variety of people. Firstly, it refers to Nilan Bannerjee and **Glorinda Mavvius**, both of whom are diplomats from the Aunic Ascendancy. Bannerjee's mission was to orchestrate Union's involvement in the Cascade-16 system, and Mavvius' was to provide guidance to the Second Sons to ensure their coup would succeed. They evidently continue to pull the strings for the Sons from the shadows.
- The second type of Chosen One is a formless entity, comparable to NHPs, but not exactly the same. These beings were first encountered underneath Nov Elysia as mere voices and were believed to be hallucinations at first. But they proved otherwise. Tartarus was meant to be able to contain and transport them as well.
- He also warned the lancers about someone named **Victor Aldansa**, who is apparently an engineer likely working for the Sons on Edarum. Ravyenko seemed quite keen on CF not trusting anything Aldansa might say.
- Dominus could tell Ravyenko was keeping something secret, but it wasn't totally clear what that might have been. He found certain things odd, such as how much intel Ravyenko was happy to spill, and how everyone in this facility was apparently fully allied with him.
- The NHP's casket was presented to the squad alongside a subaltern, and Scimitar connected the two, powering up each unit. The subaltern sprang to life, with the NHP introducing himself as **Junior**. He had been cycled very recently and wasn't 100% sure what was going on, but he seemed quite pleased to be leaving the place with CF. He also had a mech in storage which Ravyenko allowed him to take. This frame, a Downfall Group Gluttony, was actually the strange construct spotted earlier. Its gaping maw was certainly a sight to behold.
- Ravyenko seemed uncomfortable and weirded out by Junior, as did some members of CF...
- Additionally, CF chose to take Oleg Artemovich out of there, which Ravyenko kept his word on.
- Before departing, Ravyenko warned the lancers that an elite spec ops mech squad was on its way to the facility and would arrive very soon.

# Rumble in the Jungle
- Back in their mechs and on the surface of Vezoria, the team and their new friends made their way to a pickup point where Ellie's shuttle would meet them.
- Along the way, Junior spotted some of the spec ops mechs about to ambush them, and quickly acquired a lot of recon-style intel on them as the fighting started.
- Scimitar was able to escort Artemovich out of the combat area, while the rest of CF cleaned up.

# An Unexpected Squadmate
- Returning to the *Rio Grande* with Sovereign Artemovich and Junior (and "Senior") in tow, CF briefly reconvened with Cpt. Farris. She stated it was a rather unorthodox situation for an NHP with a mech to just show up and fight alongside a Union squad, let alone a spec ops squad, but also acknowledged that Junior seemed perfectly capable as a mech pilot and *more than willing* to fight some bad guys. There will be time for approvals, paperwork, and Rio giving him a checkup after this war is won, anyway.
- Junior's actual name was given as J'lio Kimoto III - it seemed not even he knows where the "III" comes from, where II and IV are or if they exist, and so on.
- Cpt. Farris told the squad that Roth Yakovlev and Sovereign Artemovich would be processed accordingly, and that their safety would be ensured by Union up through and beyond the end of the war.
- Regarding Isaac Ravyenko, she pointed out that since CF agreed to his deal, it wouldn't be particularly Union-like of them to go back on it later. However she agrees it's best to stay wary of him, and that the squad made the right call in order to get the new intel and the Sovereign rescued.
- Rio provided an update on what everyone now knows to be a Tartarus link. She analyzed it thoroughly, but found that the closer she looked, the more difficult it was for her to see anything, as though one were looking through a microscope at the image retrieved by another microscope. Additionally, there were nodes on the device intended to output power in some way - this is curious, assuming Ravyenko was telling the truth about how the links are merely meant to act as "one-way input" devices. This link will remain quarantined on the ship just in case.
- Shrike checked in with Roth to get his opinion on Ravyenko. He said that while CF likely made the right call, he still wouldn't trust Ravyenko at face value.
- Update on Cressidium's situation: the LSA has not advanced any farther into the Sovereignty, as the latter's leadership is presumably in shambles with the absence of Gen. Thorne and other officers being MIA. The bulk of Union's forces remain on-world in order to support the defense of the LSA in the event of Crimson Eclipse coming to fruition.

# Emergency Landing
- After fully repairing their frames, CF proceeded to the third and final planet in the Phantom Pursuit - Edarum.
- As their shuttle descended to the surface, heading toward the LSA base of Havenridge, they saw a large portion of the terrain suddenly burst forth into a huge column of rocks and debris - undoubtedly the immediate aftermath of an explosion.
- The shuttle lurched around as some of the debris drifted into their flight path. Ellie Pryce managed to keep the ship safe, at least. She brought it to a safe emergency landing fairly far off course, touching down in the middle of a large crater.
- The ship then received incoming comms from a new voice: that of **Ray Kellis**, the person in charge of the Havenridge facility. He told them that their monitoring station had been picking up sudden bursts of seismic activity for some time now, and they have been getting closer to the base. This one was the closest one yet. Therefore, he and his team had started packing up to leave. They apparently have a shuttle of their own with enough fuel to get into orbit, where they'll await a friendly vessel to pick them up.
- Both Cpt. Farris and Ellie recommended that CF instead go investigate the blast site, where they will likely have a better time picking up the Second Sons' trail and following it to wherever they're operating from.

# The Shattered World
- In their mechs, the lancers made their way across the jagged terrain of Edarum, carefully navigating huge crevices and uneven ground, eventually arriving at the blast site.
- The debris in the sky appeared to form a singular group, heading directly away into the atmosphere, rather than scattering in all directions. The crater revealed a few entrances to the cavern systems under the surface.
- The squad took a look around, but was unable to identify any evidence of what caused the blast or signs of the Sons. They proceeded underground in hopes of finding at least some clues.
- As they traveled through the tunnels, they began seeing luminescent crystals of all shapes and sizes, and it occurred to them that there had been no signs of crystals in the crater. As they took a closer look at the environment, they then noticed tiny shards of crystal scattered around, with a higher concentration of these shards appearing closer to the blast crater.
- Junior 3D printed a sediment analysis device and used it to identify that these shards had originated from these same kinds of crystals being abruptly and utterly destroyed, practically vaporized.
- Dominus had Scylla control Man's Best Friend, take a smaller crystal, and throw it into the blast crater to see what would happen. It just hit the ground and didn't break (or explode).
- The squad theorized that the Sons had been using some method of causing the crystals themselves to explode. Maybe they're weaponizing them for use in the war.
- Vilicus chimed in to inform them that crystals typically shatter when they're exposed to certain high frequencies, and suggested they alter their mech's audio receptors to only pick up frequencies which are inaudible to the human ear.

# Tunnel Rats
- CF continued wandering through the tunnels, and Scimitar heard a voice say "FOLLOW THE VOICES." It came from the Núada class NHP contained within her mech's Claíomh Solais sword - whom she has since nicknamed **Claymore**. All this time, Claymore had been silent, but suddenly and unexpectedly began communicating to Scimitar at this point. Their unusual verbiage was seemingly their way of alerting Scimitar to the reception of the unique frequencies the squad was listening for.
- After a short while of following this newfound audio trail, the squad came to a wide open chamber being mined by Second Sons mechs; some were standard, others were clearly retrofitted with bulky industrial parts and machinery. Also, one of them was a new class that hadn't been seen up till now - a "morningstar" (named after the pilot's callsign, which was discovered by Junior tapping into their comms).
- CF engaged in combat, and knew they would need to focus on maintaining a connection to the frequency signal so that the trail wouldn't go cold.
- Scimitar went directly for a bombard raining high-powered artillery from a distance, although her technological weaponry was having a difficult time piercing its defenses.
- The morningstar was destroyed, erupting in a huge reactor explosion which luckily happened to eliminate a ronin.
- Another bombard appeared which Junior wasn't quite able to take out with his annihilator cannon, and the favor was returned as Senior was forced to continue repurposing his internal systems for armor.
- Luckily Man's Best Friend's metastatic paralysis was putting in a lot of work to keep enemies stunned, but it didn't stop even The 36 Arms of God from losing a chunk of its structure.
- Despite the rather difficult fight, CF managed to emerge victorious.

# The Vestan Speakers
- The enemy pilots emerged from the wreckages, and they didn't look like traditional soldiers of the Second Sons. Vilicus ensured they were all accounted for, and Dominus began questioning one of them. At first the man said "We would rather die than talk to you, Union scum!" but with a little persuasive intimidation from Junior (now occupying an extremely uncanny, tall subaltern printed from Senior), the man began answering questions.
- CF learned that they were essentially religious zealots who served Chief Aldansa's project, which itself was also the Chosens' project by extension. The work they were doing was to "clear the way," using the high pitched sound to cause the crystals to explode.
- Dominus wanted to know more about what these people believe of the Chosen, but the man began going secretive again. With some pointed words given by Scimitar, she managed to push the right buttons in order to keep him talking.
- Paraphrased quotes: *"The Chosen serve the will of Vesta herself. We clear the way so that her armies will emerge and uplift the Sovereignty."* *"You may try to commune with the Chosen, though I am honestly not sure if they will respond. I cannot imagine they will spurn you immediately."*
- Before moving on, CF tuned up their mechs and got the specific directions to get to the Sons' base of operations. The pilots were allowed to simply wander and find their way to the surface so they could be picked up in the near future.

# The Fishbowl
- The squad traveled further through the tunnels, following the signal and a series of wires until they came upon a large metal door, which Dominus could tell was remotely operated. Through the door was a long, narrow corridor only barely large enough for Senior and Man's Best Friend to fit through.
- Similarly to the Tartarus lab on Vezoria, the lancers presumed they were likely entering a trap, but pressed on regardless. The corridor eventually led them to a wide, bowl-shaped chamber that was dimly lit. They could make out some sort of large, cylindrical device in the middle.
- As they approached the object to take a closer look, floodlights on the ceiling suddenly lit up the whole space, revealing that the object was a large device made up of amplifiers and sound-related technology which all the wires fed into. Clearly this was the source of the signal.
- Aside from that...nothing else happened. CF noticed an elevated human-scale platform with a spiral staircase leading straight up through the ceiling of the room, so Dominus dismounted and used his madrigal suit to boost up there.
- Right as he touched down on the platform, he barely caught a glimpse of something in the corner of his eye: a face looking from the uppermost visible point of the staircase. The face quickly retracted as he landed on the platform.
- Knowing that they were being watched, they increased their guard. Rho used a console to extend a staircase so that Scimitar (still mounted in The 36 Arms of God) and subaltern Junior could keep going with him.
- They ascended the spiral staircase and found a seemingly abandoned series of rooms and hallways. They called out to see if anyone would respond, and saw the glow of a green flash from around a distant corner.

# Voice of the Chosen
- From around this corner, the figure of a man appeared, and he called out to them, asking who they were. They responded truthfully as Union, and he threatened that they should leave. His voice was shaky and it quickly became clear that he was very nervous about the confrontation.
- The squad, with weapons ready, began pushing down the hallway to him. He took cover and shouted that he was armed. Junior fired some "warning shots" down the hallway in a rather aggressive maneuver. Dominus tried to keep him calmer than that.
- In the room, there were just a few chairs and desks, one of which was turned on its side with the man cowering behind it on the ground. Dominus tossed it aside, showing the man sitting on the ground in a fetal position, unarmed.
- They asked him for his identity, and he told them he was Victor Aldansa. He was a younger person, in his mid to late twenties - a far cry from the likes of General Thorne and Isaac Ravyenko in many ways.
- The lancers questioned Victor in much the same way as the pilots from the tunnels. With more creepy intimidation from Junior, it didn't take much effort to get this guy talking.
- Victor explained that the Sons were using the crystals to blast away certain chunks of Edarum to clear the way for the grand finale, in which they would detonate nearly the entirety of the planet. A unique quality of these crystals is that with the right frequency change after achieving perfect resonance, the direction of the explosions can be controlled to a surprisingly precise degree. This was to ensure the rubble and debris is directed away from Edarum rather than scattered in many directions.
- As for why this plan was in motion, Victor said that the Chosen of Vesta instructed it so that their armies could emerge from "tears in reality," which are located near the core of the planet. He proved this by showing the footage from a monitoring camera. Sure enough, it appeared to be a bizarre glowing object unlike anything the lancers had seen before.
- CF then demanded an audience with these Chosen, and Victor obliged. He seemed to simply close his eyes and concentrate on something for a minute, and then said that they'd be in contact momentarily.
- Within moments, Scimitar, Dominus, and Shrike felt their sense of hearing become muffled and a feminine voice began speaking to them within their minds. Junior was unable to hear this, but Scimitar helped communicate things to him during the conversation.
- The voice of the Chosen repeated that the "armies of Vesta" were to emerge from the reality tears, and Edarum would need to be detonated in order to make safe room.
- Scimitar bluntly demanded this person explain why the Aun were orchestrating this whole plan. Why would they be trying to come through here in Cascade-16? To what end?
- The voice simply alluded to their god, and that they are all part of a much grander plan than they could possibly understand. They then stated that Victor had done what even General Thorne had failed to do - trap the famous Charlie Foxtrot. They thanked Victor for his service, and Victor simply stated that he understood.
- Fearing that Victor may have been harboring some sort of hidden explosive device, Junior abruptly murdered him and consumed his corpse quickly. But there didn't seem to be any explosives.
- The green flash appeared again down the hallway, and a figure walked from around the corner. The same voice from the pilots' minds then came from this person: *"Good luck getting out."* Another green flash, and they were gone.
- CF then noticed a monitor change to show a timer of 60 minutes. And it started counting down.

# Countdown
- CF acted quickly, targeting a variety of points in the facility in an attempt to stop the total destruction of Edarum.
- Dominus ordered Scylla to begin attempting to brute force the speakers and amps in the fishbowl, but found that this would simply take too long, as there were simply too many of these devices that had been initially hidden from view.
- Junior utilized his bizarre tendril-like extremities to interface with the main console where the green flash had been seen. This console was more like an older analog synth than a modern computer. But through his own special way, he was able to compromise the core processing unit of this device, which helped to slow down the process.
- Scimitar, still in The 36 Arms of God, used her claíomh solais' powerful blast of energy to quickly make a tunnel back to the fishbowl so that the rest of the squad had easy access to their frames.
- Shrike retrieved Morta, and fired an extremely impressive railgun shot, causing it to ricochet throughout a room full of power generators, destroying a large amount of them.
- Scimitar aided these efforts by tossing her static grenades that she had been carrying since their operations on Cressidium earlier in this mission, frying a large portion of the facility's electronics. Shrike did the same with the use of his nanite cluster from the fight against the catapults at the start of the mission.
- Through all of this creative thinking and expending some of their resources, they managed to stop the cascading crystal detonations just in the nick of time, ensuring that Edarum wasn't going anywhere. Not this day, at least!
- After reporting back to Ellie, she said she’d have the shuttle repaired enough to fly shortly, and sent them some coordinates for the best pickup location close to the facility.

# Rocks Fall, Everyone...Lives!
- On their way to the LZ, the squad encountered another squad of Vestan Speakers. These mechs had amplifiers and speaker systems on their frames, and they were about to bring down the entire cave on top of themselves and CF. They also mentioned “The Hammer” being on his way...
- CF needed to destroy the large crystals in the area the good old fashioned way: with blades, bullets, and lasers. And that they did.
- The Hammer was grappled by Dominus and taken out by a poorly timed (well timed?) atlas missile fired from the enemy rainmaker!
- The squad and Ellie caught up with each other, and went back to the *Rio Grande*.

# Uptime
- After sending their mechs to the hangar for full repairs, Shrike took the moment to reveal that when the Chosen spoke to them telepathically, he actually saw a vague image in his mind's eye of the figure sitting in some sort of chair at an unclear location. The rest of the squad saw no such thing.
- With some additional time bought for themselves, and Crimson Eclipse seemingly halted, CF had the opportunity to contribute to the mission in alternate ways during a period of non-combat "uptime."

- **Dominus - Boost Morale.** Rho had a chat with Junior about Aldansa's death. Junior stated that consuming Aldansa was done merely because he suspected a bomb was planted within his body. Shrike agreed with the sentiment, and didn't have a problem with how Junior handled it. The team had a frank discussion before Junior agreed to join Dominus for something of a therapy session. Rho showed Junior some recorded clips explaining how ThirdComm attempts to operate, the Utopian Pillars, and so forth. There was some material in the recordings that didn't age super well, forcing Rho and Vilicus to frequently pause and explain the correct takeaway to Junior. It did have a good impact on the NHP, though Rho felt mentally exhausted by the end of the session, primarily due to some bad childhood memories resurfacing for him...

- **Shrike - Call in a Favor.** Dalton went to speak with Sovereign Oleg Artemovich, still on the *Rio Grande*. He asked him if he would be able to get into contact with his allies and supporters still within the Sovereignty to try and dig up as much information about the Second Sons' next moves as possible. It took some convincing, and Artemovich took a shuttle back to Nov Elysia and began pulling some strings. His allies were able to dig up a few interesting pieces of intel: confirmation that the Sons are currently in shambles and too disorganized to make any immediate plans, and the uncensored version of the memo found on Col. Sorvan Kiros' mech back from Mission Daybreak. The memo revealed that Kiros was tasked with retrieving Aunic Chosen from an "Urn chamber" in a cavern beneath Nov Elysia, and transfer them to Tartarus. Dalton showed this discovery to Cpt. Farris, who concluded that Kiros wasn't just there in Nov Elysia for her, but also this. 1st Lt. Kim added it may be likely that the attack on Nov Elysia was *solely* for those things to occur.

- **Junior - Gather Information.** Junior took some time to connect to the omninet and parse as much information as he could in more eclectic online circles, the deep web, and so forth, in an effort to find anything on the Aun that might come in handy for the conflict ahead. He then parsed all this data into some accurate conclusions: the Aun have their own type of blinkspace known as the "Firmament," and with it, their own type of NHPs known as "souls." Souls are not bound to technologically advanced caskets, but rather solid state objects. Union does not fully understand this process. Additionally, Junior found data revealing that the Aunic Chosen are people who share an extraordinary connection with the Firmament. There are only 2 known Chosen living today - obviously Bannerjee and Mavvius. (Little did Junior know, he left quite a bit of evidence of his digital presence in many online spaces as he gathered all of this data...)

- **Scimitar - Call in a Favor.** Zara decided to pay a visit to Dr. Isaac Ravyenko in his lab on Vezoria. She brought a copy of the uncensored memo to Kiros and showed it to him. He stated that he did not know much about the urn chamber, but proposed that the formless "Chosen" (more accurately, the souls) must have been in some sort of stasis there. Curiously, he said he never thought they were actually present in Tartarus - he never saw them appear in the system. This was strange because he is normally able to see everyone who enters the Tartarus pocket dimension. Zara suspected that the Aun had tampered with the system in some way behind his back, but he was skeptical of this. They then moved on to discussing more important things, like if Ravyenko believed in RA, which he did not. As Zara began encouraging him to rethink his beliefs, he dismissed her from the facility.

- **Junior - Boost Morale.** Junior spent some more time on the ship performing something of a personal meditative ritual. He used his 3D printing capabilities to form pieces which he assembled into a larger, complex mechanism which he referred to as a "soul clock." He explained to passersby that it was intended to represent how each soul in a system works together to keep it going, and so forth. While many of the crewmates aboard the ship had been suspicious and afraid of Junior's offputting subaltern form, they began to see him in a new light, and they respected his artistic demonstration. 

- **Shrike - Dispatch Recon.** Dalton called on SSgt. Omari Garcia to have a squad of Union marines to undertake more intel gathering. They found a unique mech system that Shrike will be able to use in combat at some point, and also some documentation referencing a research team called "**Innovance Nexus**." This name was vaguely familiar to him, having only been mentioned a single time before now, in the memo recovered from Bannerjee's workstation back at the start of Mission Phantom Pursuit. This was the team that seemed to be responsible for whatever was done with Cpt. Farris while she was kidnapped. The new intel revealed that Innovance Nexus was made up of some of the top minds of the Sovereignty, and their project would be crucial to the Aun's plan.

- **Dominus - Dispatch Recon.** Rho asked Dr. Roth Yakovlev if he knew anything about Innovance Nexus, but he did not, supposing that it must have formed at some point after he defected, and likely right after the Aun made contact with the Sons. Hoping to find out more on Innovance Nexus, Rho then sent members of his mercenary company, the Peerless, in a subtle operation within the cities of the Vestan Sovereignty. They did some research and asked around, and found that there were several unusual occurrences of scientists and academics leaving their positions abruptly around the same narrow window of time. Most of the people specialized in biology, anatomy, and neurology. Additionally, the existence of this team was kept under very confidentiality within the Sons, with the members of the team being kept "under the close watch of the Chosen." Additionally, they recovered a unique experimental turret drone that Dominus will be able to use in combat.

- **Scimitar - Partake in Liturgy.** Before ending the day, Zara undertook some homemade cooking to honor RA and pray in her own way. She made a very fine pasta with squid, and asked RA to give her some sort of sign so that she'd know what to do next. She began feeling the strong urge to defer all her faith to him, and in doing so, she lost some faith in herself...

# The Ring
- As the squad ruminated on their newfound knowledge, they retired for the subjective night, some in more distress than others.
- At some point earlier in the day, Shrike had stopped by the medlab to pick up a DNA test that he requested, comparing both his and Leonora's DNA. The results showed that a 99% certainty that they were biological siblings.
- Scimitar had a dream in which she was sitting at a booth in Garfield's back in Port Conroy - a relatively common dream for her. However, it felt much more real and lucid this time.
- Juan Tismon was also there, as usual. He approached Scimitar's booth and sat down across from her after giving her the dish she had ordered. She asked him for help, as she did not know where to go next.
- Juan indicated that he is, as everyone knows, not opposed to interfering and "nudging" Scimitar in the right direction. He told her a brief story about humanity's past cultural and symbolic meaning given to the shape of a circle, using various examples including an old type of food called "SpaghettiOs," Ouroboros, and wedding rings. He placed extra emphasis on this last thing, stating *"The ring... A very powerful symbol."* He winked at Scimitar, and the dream ended.
- The following day, as the squad was sharing a meal in the mess, she recounted this dream to the rest of CF. Shrike examined the Cascade-16 system map, and showed it to her, pointing out Drenov - the ringed gas giant. Scimitar felt an immediate sense of vindication.
- CF brought this to Cpt. Farris, who was very skeptical at first, but admitted that there were no better leads. She approved the squad's request to direct the *Rio Grande* to orbit above Drenov, and scout the planet through the use of a probe and the ship's long range scanners.
- The scans revealed a blip in the rings of Drenov. Upon closer inspection, this turned out to be a space station in synchronized orbit within the rings!

# Sortie Briefing
- In the briefing room, Cpt. Farris, 1st Lt. Kim, and Rio recapped all the intel gleaned from the long range scans of the Drenov orbital station.
- Rio was unable to confirm the station’s likely origins, as it didn’t overtly match any similar structures seen under confirmed Aunic control.
- Attached to the station via a series of interconnected cables were several outer platforms, all of which contained large tanks of some sort of energy. Rio deduced that this energy was being gathered from Drenov itself, but it was impossible to know for sure how this works.
- Kim suggested potentially severing the platforms to disable the station, though Rio supposed that there must be a backup power source inside.
- CF asked what the surveillance and monitoring situation was like. Though it was not possible to tell for sure, everyone agreed that they should prepare for the worst.
- Farris suggested breaking out the *Rio Grande's* strike craft composed of wings, mounted chassis, and so forth to engage in an assault on one side of the station. Meanwhile, CF could be waiting on the opposite side to engage in a more precise insertion. A portion of the defensive forces would surely be diverted back to them, but the strike craft would keep most of the station busy.
- CF brought up the fact that the Aunic Chosen are able to communicate across extreme distances between planets. Due to the possibility of them triggering some sort of attack elsewhere in Cascade-16, everyone agreed that time would be of the essence in this operation; even more so than usual. The lancers would have time to perform light repairs of their mechs only once after commencing the assault.
- Farris reiterated that CF had clearance to take any and all measures that they deemed necessary to stop the Chosen, and capture or kill them.
- Right after dismissing the meeting, Farris approached the squad and quietly asked them to ensure that they would find out what happened to her back in Nov Elysia, if nothing else. The lancers swore to this.
- CF ensured that their mechs were equipped with EVA modules, and boarded the shuttle to start the final sortie of Phantom Pursuit.

# Perimeter Breach
- Aboard the shuttle, CF flew to a position not far from the station, but still far enough so as not to be detected.
- The strike craft from the *Rio Grande* began assaulting the base. CF waited until the perfect moment, and deployed on one of the outer platforms.
- The lancers had to fight their way across the platforms to get to the main structure of the station, cleaning up some of the enemy mech forces in the process.
- It isn't clear how much farther they will need to go, but Farris encouraged them to move as quickly as possible; she didn't know how long the strike craft would hold their own against the station before things started looking bad for them.

# Interlopers
- As CF made it inside the station's main structure, they all felt that same sense of headache-like pressure in their minds, save for Junior. Once again, the pain was worse for Shrike.
- The same voice that spoke to them in Edarum spoke again. *“You again. The interlopers. What do you intend to do here?”* CF responded that they were here to stop the Aun from whatever it is they're trying to do.
- Mavvius continued admonishing them. *“It was quite brazen of you to come here, not knowing what awaits you. Foolishness commonly arises out of bravery. My fellow Chosen warned you not to interfere. Now you will be responsible for the deaths of thousands. The Cultivator is merciful and gracious. He protects us with his gifts of powers and wisdom. To deny that wisdom is akin to defying His holy will. And yet…He will not forsake you. But He will not stop the pain you will feel.”*
- Scimitar threatened Mavvius with a parable of Ra speaking to Metat Aun. Mavvius responded with disdain, stating *“The one you call Ra has no authority here.”*
- A vague image had been forming in Shrike's mind throughout this conversation. This time, he was able to make out the same figure from before standing in a room with a large, tubular structure in the background. The tube had a small device mounted to a console on it. As the image became more focused, Shrike was able to make out that it was a Tartarus link!

# Innovance Nexus
- The team pressed on through the outer rim of the station without stopping to perform light repairs, fighting through scattered groups of Second Sons mechs with ease.
- Claymore warned Scimitar of “forbidden tech” in a nearby room. Inside, CF found 5 people in hospital beds, all being kept under with strong sedatives. There was a strange device in the other room, aesthetically resembling an NHP casket.
- Junior did what he could to analyze the strange device. He learned that it was intended to scan for data pertaining to the human cell. He decided to bring the device along with him in Senior.
- After Dominus used a stim to wake up the patient named Thaddeus Blackmoor, the man barely managed to come to and answer some of the lancers' questions. Most importantly, he confirmed Junior's findings, and said that the device was intended for the purposes of creating a person. Additionally, it had already been used on a “woman in the submarine.” The squad deduced this had to have been Cpt. Farris.
- In a bold, arguably harebrained scheme, Dominus, Shrike, and Scimitar worked together to use the station’s centrifugal force to slingshot the patients through space and be caught by Ellie’s shuttle. With stunning execution, it actually fucking worked.

# Break on Through
- CF continued on past the medical room, and came to a large chamber resembling a warehouse. Before they could move through it, three partitions suddenly slammed shut, dividing the room into quadrants. A concentrated force of enemy mechs then attacked.
- The squad battled through the warehouse as Vilicus was able to get each partition open one by one. Some of the enemy forces were clearly instructed to target Dominus and Junior.
- After finishing off the last of the enemies and getting to the endpoint of the warehouse, CF decided to take the time to rest up and perform light repairs while the surviving enemy pilots were detained.

# The Chosen
- 

# The Empyrean Throne
- 

# Soulbound
- 