# Smith-Shimano Siblings
- Shrike paid a visit to Leonora McGrath in the brig. She was enjoying the books she had been granted for entertainment and she thanked him for them.
- He allowed her to look at the DNA test results he had ordered. She did not seem fazed, and actually stated that she wasn't particularly surprised by their familial connection.
- Dalton explained that he had always believed he was born and grew up on the planet Demeter. Leonora said that after SSC terminated the Paragon Initiative, the newer test subjects (young children who had been genetically modified as embryos) were scattered throughout the galaxy in various places. It's clear that he must have simply ended up on Demeter and started forming memories around that time.
- He asked what had happened to her. Leonora had ended up on an SSC-owned world in Constellar space. She began displaying unusual abilities as she underwent puberty, and this caught the attention of her colony's medical staff. Word eventually made its way up the chain and she quickly found herself willingly being trained by some of SSC's specialists, to both control and hone her newfound abilities. She had gladly worked with SSC ever since.
- Shrike was curious to know more about his origins and burgeoning abilities. He wondered if he could get in touch with anyone at SSC to get more information. Leonora pointed out that either or both of them could be a bargaining chip for each other. From the way she sees things, there are three different scenarios:
1) Shrike goes to SSC and lets them know that he has Leonora in custody, and is prepared to turn her over to them.
2) Shrike allows Leonora to walk free from Union's custody and they'd go to SSC together. Leonora would have no reason to try to escape or betray Shrike because she knows there is a strong chance that SSC has already sent a team to capture or kill her. The two of them showing up as "children of the Paragon Initiative coming home" could make SSC relax their punitive measures against her.
3) Shrike does nothing and allows her to be processed through Union's justice system, and would likely never see her again.
- Dalton said he'd need more time to think about this and walked away. He heard her say, "Until next time brother," chuckling to herself. He didn't look back.

# Downtime: Shore Leave
- Before leaving Cascade-16, Cpt. Farris declared that the crew of the *Rio Grande* deserved some much-needed shore leave after all this time of constant work and fighting. The ship would be heading to the local blink station, Rainier, in the coming days.
- Upon docking at the Rainier Station spaceport, Dominus encountered some members of his merc company, the Peerless, including the company face Dale Ramcock. They were admiring a Harrison Armory Chopin battle cruiser which they were saving up money to buy.
- CF was now free to explore the station and entertain themselves however they wished, as Farris wholeheartedly recognized that they also needed a break. However, she did ask them to keep their eyes and ears open at all times *just* to be safe.

- **Junior and Shrike - Get a Damn Drink.** Junior and Shrike coincidentally both decided to stop by the station's official Spacefarer's Lounge (sponsored by IPS-N) simply for some true rest and relaxation. After each had consumed some beverages, they spotted each other across the room. Shrike, having not drank anything in a long while, was perhaps slightly inebriated when he then chose to approach Junior in a genuine attempt to make friends. Junior was consuming a ton of drinks, which he had gotten on the house after the bartender was told that the NHP was with Union. (Though in reality, the bartender was likely just very scared by Junior's intimidating subaltern form.) However, Junior's inner workings were literally designed to process matter into energy at an extremely efficient rate. Shrike's...not so much. Dalton ended up spilling the beans about a lot of his childhood and history on Demeter; how his mother died when he was very young in the war against the Phorosian Dominion; how he grew up to be a soldier in that same war. The surrounding guests at the lounge overheard some of these details and were confused about why such a person would be communicating so recklessly with a group of those strange subalterns (slightly tarnishing Shrike's reputation on Rainier). But at the end of the day, both Shrike and Junior were very happy to have had this bonding moment, and they exited the lounge with arms around their shoulders.

- **Dominus - Heal Burdens.** Dominus discussed his past with Vilicus in something of a therapy session. Though it meant reliving some of the "education" that Rho had received as a child in the Restorium, Vilicus helped him process and understand that he is no longer subject to their whims. Rho still has some more work to do in this regard, but this session certainly helped him on the road to healing.

- **Scimitar - Step into the Ring.** Zara decided to enter the Nextgen Arena Championship - a VR fighting tournament popular across the omninet. Upon registration, she fudged her record to show that she didn't have as much experience as she really has. Thus she fought in a lower tier than she would have otherwise been placed in. Naturally, she was essentially guaranteed a win, but was struck by a sense of guilt as the fight drew to a close, and so she lost on purpose. This drew the attention of someone from her Suldani past, as well as that of a certain viewer of the fight's livestream who both want something from her...

- **Junior - Get Organized.** Junior, being inspired by the presence of other NHPs on Rainier and the value of sharing drinks with Shrike, formed an organization of NHP bartenders (via subalterns).

- **Dominus - Recruit Predatorily.** Dominus put on his best professional-looking uniform and went to the IPS-N Trunk Security recruitment center. There, he interviewed several people who were waiting for a chance to enlist. He instead was able to convince many of them to join up with the Peerless instead. IPS-N will most likely remember this and act accordingly against the Peerless' interests in the Cascade line as they deem necessary.

- **Shrike - Get Connected.** Shrike approached Dominus to ask for help with a task he was planning - making contact with a higher-up of SSC in order to learn more about his past with the Paragon Initiative. He did not want to reach out and show his hand directly, so he proposed using the Peerless as a proxy contact. Dominus agreed to this proposal and Piers Kinton, a Peerless officer, was chosen to be the face in the initial meeting. Piers dangled a carrot of potentially valuable knowledge in front of SSC's nose over at their exhibition of the Viceroy frame in the trade district of Rainier. They agreed to arrange a meeting with the actual contact (Shrike) with the knowledge that they will ask something of him before they grant him what he wants.

- **Scimitar - Scrounge and Barter.** During Scimitar's visit to the Volador ship *Aurora*, she bartered her own person in order to gain a chess system as rented gear, like the one she had grown fond of during her time with the Nimue frame. Her price was to allow a Volador to implant a microchip in her shoulder, where it would passively gather data of some kind. She would just need to return after about a week in order for it to be extracted.

- **Dominus - Gather Information.** After Shrike's mysterious request for help with SSC, Dominus decided to try pursuing some deeper information on Shrike beyond the basics of what he has divulged to the squad thus far. Clearly something has got him worked up lately, and Rho wished to find out what that might be. However, as Rho was rummaging around Dalton's private quarters, he noticed Dalton was about to return and catch him red-handed. He abandoned this plan and slipped away before Dalton could notice.

- **Scimitar - Partake in Liturgy.** Zara also went to Garfield's and posed as a sous-chef in order to partake in a religious meditation through cooking on holy ground. After she left the restaurant, she was approached by a delivery drone who had a package for "the new cook." It contained an odd object and a note that seemed to imply that she was indeed the intended recipient, somehow.

# Intra Dynamic Omni-Tech Tournament
- A few days into the shore leave, an organization called IntraDOT announced the inaugural event for their mech AR arena battles. With the promise of interesting prizes to the winners, CF signed up.
- Their first fight (of two) had them facing off against their designated opponents, a private merc squad called the Scarlet Serpents. They fought in a “stockpile” sitrep, competing to retrieve supply crates and load them into their own stockpiles.
- CF achieved victory and quite a bit of admiration from the livestream audience. Someone even paid for a bonus objective, a scout craft, to show up for them!
- Between fights, **Rita Stratos** (the host) informed them that the prize pool had grown to 5 pieces of exotic equipment and that they’d be the defenders in the next fight: a “nexus defense” sitrep.
- At the start of the next fight, she then announced that the Scarlet Serpents had been replaced by the IPS-N Trunk Security team “**Starshield**.”
- Though Starshield was able to partially damage the objective, CF still came out on top in a pretty staggering victory. And the crowd went wild!
- In a post-match interview, Zara shouted out DevotedMurmur28’s art commission omnigig. *“The first 10 people to use code KHAN get 20% off.”*
- A couple of Starshield pilots came to talk to Junior during the full repair. The first one seemed befuddled yet pleasantly surprised due to Junior’s recognition of her through his Subartender network. The second one implied that Junior’s mech was a “sinner” and wanted to talk about this with Junior. However, Junior’s demeanor seemed to drive him away.
- A person calling themself “the chief” claimed they were part of Kid Fritz’ friends from Havelburg and told CF that they could come chat with their old friend on Rainier, where security was less tight.

# Scimitar Changes her Mind
- After full repairs were complete, Scimitar returned to the *Aurora* in order to exchange a few things. Mainly, she desired to reunite with Claymore.
- As part of the deal, she gave up the implanted microchip which had logged at least a little bit of combat data, and got a new frame - an Iridia Demonworks Nemesis - in exchange for further combat logging.

# ZeroTrace
- CF followed up on the chief's offer, and followed the coordinates to a dive bar establishment in one of Rainier's residential areas. In a lower floor, they met up with their former squadmate Kid Fritz, who was ecstatic to see them (and he quickly took a liking to Junior).
- The chief and a woman named Kendra were with Fritz at the booth. They explained that things back in Port Conroy were far from ideal: Magenta Red (leader of the Magenta Syndicate) possessed an even greater amount of power and control in the city after finally crushing the Dustbranded gang in an attempted attack against the city. The PCPA is even less inclined now to attempt taking any sort of action against her. Though the Syndicate's public persona is that of a benevolent organization that maintains control, they are still causing bad things to happen to a portion of the populace - circulating serious drugs, exploiting debtors, and even occasionally making people disappear.
- 0t was here on Rainier Station in hopes that they could bring people to join their group of hacktivists in hopes that one day they can finally take down Magenta Red. At the very least, they wish to bring attention to IPS-N's (the legal owner of Havelburg) serious negligence of Port Conroy ever since the Disaster.
- CF was rather unconvinced that helping 0t would be a good use of their time due to the hackers' obviously scrappy and unorganized structure. But they did agree that they would try to do what they could for the people of Port Conroy, including taking down Magenta herself if the opportunity were to somehow arise.
- Scimitar brought up the fact that Magenta asked her to deliver a package to a person named **Karina Dowe**. She showed the package to the chief, who opened it with permission from Scimitar. Inside was a stim-pump device modeled after the ones Magenta uses to keep physically enhancing chemicals coursing through her veins at all times. There was also a handwritten note from Magenta which indicated the stim-pump was a gift and alluded to "potentially coming to a deal with the Void Reapers." The package was then re-sealed so that Scimitar could do with it what she wished.

# The Void Reapers
- After that, the squad headed over to the Void Reapers' recruitment kiosk in the trade district. Their marketing material indicated that they're a private mercenary company competing with the likes of MSMC, presenting themselves as a higher quality alternative to that company.
- Scimitar began talking to one of the people behind the kiosk - **Oz Burcham**, the one who caught her throwing her Nextgen Arena Championship fight. She was following through with her promise to act as a sort of spokesperson for the group, while also trying to find Karina Dowe. Oz said he'd arrange for a meeting after Scimitar did the job.
- The job he tried to give Scimitar was that of a sign spinner, essentially. All of the lancers were very much not impressed by this. Dominus boldly used his personal whip-like weapon to slash the sign in half while Oz held it. That certainly got the message across, and Oz backed down, instead offering Scimitar a job to get on camera and record for a commercial.
- The woman standing behind the kiosk turned out to be Karina herself, and she led the squad over to a nearby recording studio. Zara grilled her on her connections to Magenta Red and delivered the package as promised. Karina said that she and Magenta used to serve Harrison Armory's military back in the day before departing. They remained acquaintances for a time, before Karina went her own way with the Void Reapers, and later the Voladores, to "see the galaxy." Karina eventually returned to work full time with the Void Reapers after realizing a cosmopolitan life was not for her. Now, Magenta was trying to reconnect with her to try and make some sort of arrangement to get the Void Reapers on her side. It's safe to presume she probably wants them to increase her own military strength.
- Zara suggested that Karina take the stim-pump "gift" (read: bribe) and message Magenta that she'll do what she can to talk to her superiors about coming to a deal. But in reality, she can do whatever she wants with it. Additionally, Karina agreed to attempt arranging some sort of meeting between CF and Magenta, but admitted it could be tricky.
- With that out of the way, Scimitar recorded her scenes for the commercial.

# Next Mission
- With the *Rio Grande*'s shore leave officially concluded, CF returned to the ship to receive their next mission briefing.
- Rio found the intel forming the basis of this mission, which would be designated "Genetic Veil." She did some digging into Cpt. Farris’ past. The fact that she was specifically chosen as the source body for the Aun’s soul binding made Rio suspect that there is something special about her genes.
- It turns out that Farris’ grandparents were immigrants to a core system in Union space. Farris vaguely remembers this, although her memory of what she was told as a child is hazy and family history was never a major topic of discussion. Through pulling internal records and analyzing them, Rio discovered that Farris’ grandparents had previously lived in a colony on a habitable moon in the Cascade line: **EN-041518** ("EN4" for short).
- The aforementioned colony doesn’t appear in any official Union record, as far as Rio could tell. That is highly unusual. A colony in Union space without a trace of a paper trail is definitely cause for suspicion. Rio believes that the official records have been - are being? - scrubbed.
- *“Additionally, and you’re not gonna believe this, but I promise I’m not lying… A distress call just went out from this colony 2 standard days ago. Rainier’s monitoring systems picked it up and passed it up the chain. It’s nothing too out of the ordinary, this does happen with diasporan worlds fairly frequently, but…in this case, it reads to me as just another ‘coincidence’ that’s probably NOT a coincidence.“*
- The distress call stated that a band of pirates have set up a base on the moon, not too far from the colony. They’re holding it hostage with the threat of violence. In exchange for not killing anyone, they’re just intercepting deliveries and stealing a portion for themselves. It sounds like they might have chosen the place due to its remote location, and the fact that long-range scanners pick up a lot of natural interference from the gas giant that EN4 orbits, and the red-orange star in the system. It’s not clear how long the pirates have been operating there. The pirates appear to be a group calling themselves the **Grand Company**.
- Also, whoever sent the distress call seemingly didn’t have enough time to include an explanation or even who they were. But they were able to include the colony’s name: **Echelon**.
- Naturally, space piracy is the domain of IPS-N. They’re going to be dispatching Trunk Security team Starshield to respond to the situation. CF must act quickly to retrieve all necessary intel from EN4 before Starshield arrives and potentially sticks their nose in a delicate operation.
- Meanwhile, Farris confirmed that her clone had been transferred to the medical facilities on Rainier for further processing by the appropriate teams. The clone is still not fully conscious and presumably too traumatized to recount her experiences with the Aun. Rio will keep an ear out in case word gets released about the clone's condition.

# EN4
- The squad entered the moon on a stealth approach with Ellie's skilled drop ship piloting. They have very limited orbital imaging data to work with. They'll need to make their way across the AO to investigate the points of interest on their own.
- Junior will utilize his subalterns to the best of his abilities so that they may act as additional scouts during the mission.

# Hydroelectric Plant
- The squad first decided to head towards a bit of infrastructure built around a lake, suspecting that it may in fact be the colony.
- Upon arrival however, they saw that it was more likely a dam and water treatment plant. Also, it was inhabited by Grand Company mechs.
- Junior attempted to send in a subaltern to make friendly contact, but it was immediately shot down, and the lancers jumped into action!