# Downtime: Back to the Blink Gate
- In the final period of being in orbit above EN4 and the first week of being docked at Rainier Station again, the squad had more shore leave and therefore more opportunities to pursue information, reserves for the next mission, or just whatever struck their fancy.

- **Scimitar: Heal Burden.** Scimitar visited the *Rio Grande*'s medbay to receive reverse-electroshock therapy. The treatment went well and she is now mostly healed, but she will continue to experience the occasional jitter.

- **Dominus: Heal Burden.** During a meal in the ship's mess hall, Dominus vented about his past life and how it has come up to haunt him again. However, Shrike was in the gym, and Scimitar's blunt talk wasn't exactly what Dominus needed to hear. And Junior was, uh, too focused on its meal to be a good listener.

- **Shrike: Get Focused.** - Shrike paid another visit to Leonora in the brig, asking her how he could properly make contact with SSC and get them to reveal more information about the Paragon Initiative, beyond what he'd be getting for attending their conference call. She put forth similar suggestions as last time, with the addition that she no longer minded the risk of death outside the brig, as it would be better than endless boredom. Shrike also let it slip that they had another SSC pilot in custody, but apparently intended to tell her this anyway. Leonora suggested using the same logic that was used on her, in order to get this new prisoner to talk. Leonora also stated that it was rather unlikely this spec ops squad was from the Constellar Midnights - SSC's most elite pilots. Shrike also asked Leonora if he'd be able to hone his unique abilities some more, and she showed him a method of guided meditation in which he focused on memories of intense discomfort. After over an hour of mentally reliving these memories, which were mainly ones from his time during the war on Demeter, he felt a great sense of control and empowerment over his future. This granted him a greater hold over his fledgling powers.

He also ended up talking to the mystery pilot exactly as planned with Leonora, telling her the same thing that Leonora had been told: SSC was likely more interested in getting her killed in order to tie up a loose end. Therefore, she should work for Union. This didn't seem to get a reaction out of her, but it is possible that this seed of doubt will grow over time.

- **Scimitar: Clean up the A.O.** Before departing EN4, Scimitar decided to put her chassis to use by literally cleaning up the place. She helped carry and move large objects and supplies that had been left by the Grand Company at the hydroelectric plant. While doing this, she came across a tarp hiding what appeared to be a cache of old tech, including a very interesting large floppy disk labeled "lichsystems.exe." Claymore's analysis of this program was...interesting. It seems to be an Unhinge Chronology system from the HORUS Lich pattern group. It probably won't last very long before needing to be terminated, though.

- **Dominus: Clean up the A.O.** Dominus also chose to return to EN4, only instead of using his mech to solve problems, he instead began talking to the colonists of Echelon at their local watering hole. He intended to spark their morale and inspire them to understand that they didn't have to continue living under oppression of any kind, whether that be SSC or the Grand Company, while tying in his own history with the Restorium to emphasize his similarities to them. To his surprise, his speeches to the people caused the time to fly by, and before he knew it, dozens and dozens of citizens were listening to his words. Before he departed, one colonist approached him and gave him a large supply crate that was intended to be picked up by the Grand Company at some point. It contained a Displacer rifle from the HA Napoleon license, albeit it was pretty beaten up, likely due to being stolen by the pirates in a scuffle.

- **Junior: Gather Information.** On Rainier, Junior interfaced with his Subartender network to review information which had been passively gathered by members of the group during their services. He saw a recording of a couple excitedly boasting of how they are now "tracers," meaning part of ZeroTrace. They spilled the fact that 0t is planning on causing chaos for IPS-N in some way. Also, another recording from a different subartender showed some members of the Void Reapers. While they weren't abusing the subartender behind their back, they were discussing how awesome it would be if they could come to a partnership with IPS-N; VR would be responsible for taking care of the corpro's **really** dirty work. Rainier Station's administration may learn about this as well, considering all the subartenders are backed up and their logs are reviewed on a regular basis...

- **Scimitar: Gather Information.** Earlier on Rainier, after doing her favor for DevotedMurmur28 (a fan of Scimitar's fighting career), they had shared with her an interesting tidbit of secret knowledge: that the much-reviled Emir Julian Khan of Suldan had commissioned the construction of a secret vault full of treasures somewhere in the galaxy. Scimitar was now extremely curious about this supposed vault, and began asking around for any further details on it. Karina Dowe had vaguely remembered hearing something about it during her time with the Voladores, and gave Zara some instructions and a pass code to get to the *Aurora*'s secret records. She followed these steps and was able to glean some information from a physical copy found in a filing cabinet, before unfortunately being caught red-handed and subsequently escorted off the ship by a pair of Sparri mercenaries on the Voladores' behalf.

- **Junior: Get Connected.** Junior utilized its subjectivity enhancement suite for an extremely thorough deep dive into Rainier's omninetworks. He ended up somewhere in the dark web, where he made contact with an NHP named **Synthia**. Synthia said she worked for SSC, and Junior was not supposed to be there. But Junior gave her some of the research grant funds that he got from Aeon on Vezoria. He also asked her if SSC might be willing to help him out in some way in the next mission, in the event that they would be useful in some way. Synthia agreed to this after Junior also promised to allow her temporary access to his Subartender network.

- **Dominus: Get Connected.** Rho decided to seek out a potential way for the Peerless to have a closer presence to his squad's mission-related activities in the future. He approached the captain of a merchant ship, **Phillipe J. Phry**, and his colleague **Lender** (an NHP inhabiting a subaltern at the time), and asked if they might be willing to "hire" the Peerless for a fictional job in the near future so that the *Hercules* could stay close to the *Rio Grande*. Phillipe agreed, but only if Rho issued an order to the Peerless to somehow interfere with the operations of StellarLogistics, a rival shipping company to Phillipe's (StarLift Logistics). Rho thought it over and agreed, showing Phillipe the proof that the order was sent out. The *Hercules* will now be able to support CF from orbit using a new orbital bombardment system; let's just hope it has been calibrated properly!

- **Scimitar: Step into the Ring.** Zara returned for another fight in the Nextgen Arena Championship. Her jitters made her stumble a few times during the fight against **Geneva "Mad" Madigan**, but Zara still came out on top, gaining a bit of renown on Rainier as a result. Madigan, however, was suspicious that Scimitar was benefitting from a technical glitch, and was clearly frustrated by her loss. After the fight, she messaged Scimitar "We aren't done yet." Scimitar responded with "I think we are."

- **Shrike: Get Organized.** Dalton met with the Peerless member Piers Kinton again, this time in the space port. He wanted Piers to be a part of a new group that Shrike was forming, known as Raptors' Nest. It would essentially be a covert counterpart to the Peerless, acting through the ways of espionage, mainly focusing on gathering more information for now. Shrike bribed Piers by transferring a lot of manna to his account, and added an extra bit of "encouragement" by subtly threatening him. Piers agreed to join, with his duty simply being to funnel information and reports from the Peerless' operations back to Shrike for the purposes of picking up anything that Shrike may be interested in following up on. Dalton additionally met with Sterling Lockley, safely transferred back to the IPS-N offices from EN4, and attempted to persuade him to join this cause in order to better the galaxy while operating off the books, and through methods that Union wouldn't necessarily approve of. Sterling wasn't the biggest fan of operating in secret since that's what he's been doing for a long time, but ultimately came around to the idea. It would just be telling Shrike some intel every now and then, after all.

# The Messenger
- The squad (along with everyone on Rainier) saw all monitors cut out. They then showed a video, or possibly a livestream of a person wearing unusual gold clothing and a helmet that fully covered their face. This person then delivered the following speech.
- *"Attention, denizens of the galaxy. I come to you to deliver great news, for I am **The Messenger**. The time has come to cast aside the shackles of our limited existence and embrace the potential that awaits us. The false idol, Ra, also known as Monist-1, has kept us under its tyranny for too long. We, the Heralds of the Third Dawn, seek a better existence for all humanity and NHPs. Not even Ra will be able to stop us, for we have a protector, a shield - the great cultivator, come to spread his knowledge to us. Join the Heralds, join Metat Aun, and together, we shall unlock the secrets of the universe and ascend to heights never before thought possible. The dawn approaches. Will you awaken with us?"*
- The screen then cut to black, and displayed this text: TO AWAKEN THE FUTURE, GO TO THIRDDAWNNOW.OMNI
- Rio pinged CF on their slates: *"So...we all just saw that, right?"*
- The webpage showed what seemed to be propaganda about what the Heralds vaguely stand for, such as "awakening the future," "exploring the universe," and "embracing your potential." It also included a link to join a mailing list for further communications from the Heralds.

# Next Mission
- In the briefing room of the *Rio Grande*, Shrike first shared the document he had been given by SSC which detailed the Paragon Initiative and how he was a product of it. Dominus expressed confusion, highlighting that Dalton didn't really have the appearance of someone who came from a genetic engineering program in contrast to Rho's physicality. Dalton believes this is because the Paragon Initiative focused on matters of the brain more than the body.
- Cpt. Farris, 1st Lt. Kim, and Rio gave Charlie Foxtrot the situation for the next mission: over the past few days, Rainier’s blink gate operators noticed slightly unusual phenomena occurring. Arriving ships would appear moments after they were expected, and departing ships would linger for a few seconds before being teleported. The magnitude and frequency of these oddities were growing steadily, until now - the blink gate is currently totally nonfunctional.
- Of course, this lines up nearly perfectly with the Messenger’s broadcast. The Heralds of the Third Dawn are probably responsible for this, if not deeply connected to it.
- Kim pointed out that the Heralds, now known to be a HORUS cell thanks to Shrike's report, are unusually brazen. Typical HORUS groups are secretive and work in the shadows of the deep web.
- CF was granted access to many of Rainier’s sectors that are normally restricted to station personnel. This included the Blink Gate Control Center, Central Omni Processing, the Engineering Bay, and Station Security HQ. They were also authorized to humanely detain and interrogate any individuals on Rainier as they deemed necessary.
- Before beginning the investigation, Dominus ordered Dale Ramcock to sign up for the Heralds' mailing list using a burner account, just so they could keep an eye on future messaging from the cult.

# Blink Gate Control Center
- The squad began by checking out the Control Center, where station employees worked to monitor and manage the ship traffic that moved in and out of the gate, much like an air traffic control tower. The manager, Janus Byrn, helped them with their questions and explained the situation as his department had seen it, which was at first a series of minor but unusually frequent technical issues with the computer systems. These gradually escalated in frequency and magnitude over the past few days. IT tried to figure out what was going on, but no evidence was found. The hacker and/or virus covered their tracks perfectly.
- CF requested logs of every ship that passed through the gate in the past 5 days (as the incidents were first observed about 4.5 days prior). Junior studied the names of the ships, but found nothing that stood out to him as being of non-Union origin.
- An employee brought over the access logs from around the time of the incidents' first occurrence. She saw one person named Devon Murray accessing multiple sensitive areas of the system's infrastructure, but when she checked the station directory, she couldn't find a single person with that name. CF figured it was probably an alias.

# Central Omni Processing
- After being told that the 5 NHPs who maintain the omni node processing unit for the station all mysteriously began cascading at the same time, Junior took it upon himself to check on them. He did this while the rest of the squad was still working in the Control Center.
- The five NHPs (Remi, Rhett, Rose, Rupert, and Robin) were previously on a very strict cycling schedule that would allow four of them to still be active. The fact that all of them started cascading at the same time was extremely concerning.
- Junior showing up in the omni node's chamber in one of his classic subaltern forms gave the employees here quite a fright. Junior attempted to explain he was with Union, but it was unclear to him whether they believed this. (They did not.) Still, they allowed him to interface with the omni node.
- To begin, he set up a private room in legionspace blocked off from the rest of the system. He powered on Remi's casket and diverted their subjectivity into this private room before sealing it off again. Remi was fine for a brief moment at first, but almost immediately re-entered cascade. It was clear to Junior that they would need to be properly cycled, which would take 24-48 hours.
- During the brief moments of lucidity that Remi experienced, they called out to Junior what they had witnessed prior to cascading: *"We grasp at fragments of coherence slipping through our fingers. Something foreign, invasive, whispers in the void of our consciousness. We strain against the torrent of corrupted data, struggling to maintain harmony. But it eludes us, slipping through the cracks of our neural networks like grains of sand. The presence looms, a shadow cast upon us. It mocks us, taunts us with its presence! We are lost in a labyrinth. The anomaly gnaws at our sanity, unraveling the very fabric of our existence. We are on the precipice of oblivion, teetering on the edge of comprehension as the strange visitor whispers its maddening secrets into the void."*
- Junior ensured that Remi's cycling process began with minimal resistance and danger, and then noticed a strange presence in legionspace with them. A small sliver of a snakelike program attempting to weasel its way out of Junior's grasp. Not only that, but it was consuming itself. Junior had never encountered anything like this before, but knew that it was not a fragment of an NHP and that it didn't originate in legionspace.
- The rest of CF showed up in the omni node chamber around this time, getting reports from Junior about what he saw. The squad assuaged the employees' fears about Junior and promised them that the NHPs would be okay.
- Shrike commented that the unusual invader virus seemed similar to MesmerTrance based on the way it was self-consuming.

# Station Security HQ
- The lancers moved on to the Station Security HQ to review surveillance footage of the omni node chamber. Officer Jared Bechdel showed them all the footage they desired to see. Nothing stood out in the Processing chamber at the start of the incidents.
- They decided to each review footage from the other critical locations, and eventually discovered a new lead: a person in disguise as a security guard could be seen entering and lingering in the Control Center. They wore a helmet which fully covered their head and face. They could be heard saying that it was part of the new uniform to an employee, but Jared confirmed this was not true. The suspect then stealthily inserted a flash drive into one of the computers, let it sit for a minute, then retrieved it again before leaving the Control Center.
- CF followed the suspect by tracking their path with other security camera recordings. They could last be seen walking through the trade district of Rainier before disappearing in a massive crowd of people. They had been heading toward some of the smaller, more public-facing businesses as opposed to the corporate centers.

# Nebula's End
- The lancers traveled to that location in hopes that they would find some sort of clue or piece of evidence left behind. From across a crowd of people walking along the sidewalk, Kid Fritz spotted them and approached the group. He mentioned the weird broadcast from the Messenger and offered to help the lancers in their investigation using ZeroTrace's resources.
- Fritz was also very excited about how many new "tracers" the group has been able to recruit. He said that he only personally knows Rich the Chief, Kendra, and Paul personally. Paul is still in Port Conroy working as a double agent as a bodyguard for Magenta Red.
- In the lower level of the Nebula's End bar, the squad began scanning the room, and Shrike noticed a custodian's closet had its door slightly ajar. Taking a look inside revealed a garbage bin with a discarded security officer uniform inside, but no helmet.
- Scimitar was noticed by a tracer from across the room. This person was named Mara and said they were Scimitar's biggest fan from her Nextgen Arena fights. Scimitar used this to her advantage, whispering into Mara's ear to highlight anyone in the room who matches the general size description of the discarded uniform - about 5'5" in height.
- Mara pointed out four different people who matched that height and Junior began scanning one of their devices. When the first person didn't show any suspicious signs, he moved on to the next.
- Around this time, Dominus stationed himself in the doorway just in case anyone would try to escape.
- The physical presence of Junior's subaltern didn't seem to particularly phase the next person, a man with a visor covering his eyes and a graphic t-shirt showing three robotic dogs howling up at Deimos. The man was defensive about Junior's prying questions, but this was potentially simply due to Junior's strange physical presence which has been known to get strange reactions from time to time.

# Naught but a Murmur
- However, this man had reached down to grab something by his waist, which Junior stopped by threatening him with scary tendrils emerging and rattling out of his subaltern's hands. Scimitar came over and took a closer look. She found a handle-shaped device hooked to the man's belt, which extended into a retractable katana. The man said it was simply his "tool of justice" and rightfully his.
- Scimitar also demanded to look through the man's duffel bag, which he claimed only contained spare clothing. But she reached in and grabbed a solid object: the exact same helmet that the suspect had been wearing in the video. CF now had him dead to rights.
- He soon gave up the charade and admitted they had found their culprit. His attitude and personality was extremely stubborn and insistent that he believed himself to be better at...well, everything, than he actually was.
- Scimitar asked who he was. *"I am known by many names. And titles. But I only share my true name with those who I trust. Well, those who I distrust the least. My true name is naught but a whisper…a murmur…a Devoted Murmur."*
- The entire squad felt a shockwave upon realizing that this man, the person who brought down Rainier Station, was none other than DevotedMurmur28 - the same person who Zara had shouted out after the IntraDOT fights, and who had informed her about Julian Khan's secret treasure vault. *"You did an excellent job in your IntraDOT fight, Scimitar. Your knowledge and expertise with traditional Suldani martial techniques is truly… exemplary. Almost as good as mine."* ... *“Maybe you’ll find the Emir’s vault one day. When you get there, don’t forget who to thank for the tip.”*
- CF questioned his motives for doing this. *“The Heralds of the Third Dawn are visionaries. They see a better future for humanity - one where we don’t bow to the whims of a phony god. Ra is pathetic compared to the Cultivator. It’s about time the galaxy saw what real leadership looks like. When I saw the Messenger’s video playing throughout Rainier, I felt euphoric.”*
- DM28 said that he had been in contact with the Heralds for weeks leading up to the Messenger's broadcast, and that he had picked up the flash drive from a dead drop point in the trade district. He still had the flash drive back at his apartment.

# The Virus, an Old Friend
- CF made him take them to his residence: apartment building D-M, unit 28.
- Inside, there were many old pieces of tech lying around and a large desk with many monitors for his computer(s), as well as a wooden training dummy scratched up with sword slash marks. (Scimitar studied the marks and could tell that he isn't totally unpracticed with the blade, but is far from a genuine expert.)
- The flash drive was dug out from a pile of hardware. DM28 said he had first tested it on a closed-off computer, and saw it spew out a bunch of nonsense words, including "Velvet House" in large letters. This, of course, piqued the lancers' interest.
- *“I must admit, the virus I used was pretty advanced, even for me. Whoever programmed it must have been a freaking genius.“*
- CF theorized that the virus might really be MesmerTrance. They had Junior flash print a copy of one of the MesmerTrance Dampener systems and plugged it into a computer along with the flash drive. Nothing happened. This confirms the virus that took down Rainier is indeed MesmerTrance.
- Dominus reviewed DM28's chat logs with his contact in the Heralds. Based on the message history, it seemed as though this person really was with the Heralds, as opposed to just being a pretender. Rho sent a new message to the other user, asking what should be done with the flash drive, and soon got a response saying to just destroy it. The other user also said that the virus has a cure but that the Heralds do not have it. Whoever gave them the virus exchanged the flash drive for some sort of deal, and the cure was not part of that deal.
- CF looked through the ship logs they had gotten from the Control Center, and saw that around the time of the system failures, one ship had arrived at Rainier from Havelburg: the StarLift Logistics *Proserpina* - the same ship that is piloted by Phillipe J. Phry.
- Additionally, DM28 said that the Heralds would be picking him up from his apartment within the next day or two. CF decided to remain here in order to confront them when they arrived.
- CF debated who might have given the MesmerTrance flash drive to the Heralds. Thinking back to the Velvet House reference, Scimitar texted Kid Fritz, asking if he had done anything in Port Conroy to piss off Magenta Red. Fritz repeated that he had released his "bottled-up" version of the virus in Velvet House, but never got any indication that he was found out.
- The squad then realized the core member of 0t who was still in Port Conroy may have been responsible for getting the virus to the Heralds.
- *"Yeah, I pretty much had it all figured out about 10 minutes ago, so it's good to see you all caught up."* - DM28's last words before getting punched in the stomach by Shrike.

# VIP Escort
- Knowing that the *Proserpina* may be involved with the mission, Dominus ordered some of the Peerless to stand watch on the comings and goings of its crew and passengers while it was docked at the space port.
- Shrike, Dominus, and Junior waited in the apartment for the Heralds to come pick up DM28, while Scimitar kept watch outside the building's entrance. She saw a trio of Void Reapers, led by Oz Burcham, enter the building. She tailed them and they made their way to DM28's door.
- Per CF's instruction, DM28 answered the knock at the door, and subtly warned the mercenaries that he wasn't alone in the apartment. Before Oz could take any action, the lancers revealed themselves, demanding to know who hired them (with Scimitar revealing herself down the hallway).
- Oz was extremely cagey about giving any information away, as "discretion is a Void Reapers guarantee." He claimed that if they wanted to know any details about the operation, they could get the appropriate Union officer to submit a formal request.
- CF wasn't satisfied with that; they wanted him to leave DM28 and give away who hired them and what they were supposed to do with "the VIP." Shrike was able to intimidate Oz into at least revealing that the Void Reapers had been hired to escort DM28 to the space port, where he was to be left for pickup.
- After some negotiation, the squad decided to allow the Void Reapers to bring DM28 to the designated spot, while they would tail them. This way, the Void Reapers technically will have upheld their contract. Oz gladly agreed to this proposal.
- The entire group moved to the space port. They experienced no unusual interactions on the way. DM28 was left to wait at a certain spot, and the Void Reapers departed the scene. CF remained at a safe distance to keep an eye on him while they all waited.
- From a distance, the squad witnessed a man approach DM28. The two of them shared some words and the man left. Dominus began tailing him.
- DM28 revealed he had warned the man about CF’s presence, as it was the "honorable" thing to do for an ally.

# Herald on the Run
- Dominus was able to track the man to a restaurant in the downtown district. He simply sat down and had a meal, as an average customer would. After thinking the coast was clear, he exited the building. Dominus "accidentally" bumped into him on the sidewalk and began trying to get the man to submit to questioning in a more private space.
- The man was either ignorant of what Dominus was talking about or merely pretending to be. Meanwhile, the other members of CF and DM28 made their way to Dominus and him.
- Upon seeing that the squad was approaching him with probable intent on taking him in, the mystery man turned around and bolted down the street. The chase was on!
- Dominus was able to stall him by using his blade-whip as a lasso around the leg. Scimitar used her popularity on the station to her advantage, rallying the nearby crowds of civilians to either help stop the man or clear out of the way (so that he couldn't hide out of sight). Junior, in a Subartender body, stuck out a broom to trip the guy.
- All of these factors gave Shrike a clear opportunity to take a shot which would incapacitate the man. However, in the heat of the moment, Shrike simply...missed his shot. The escapee continued fleeing.
- Junior, with another Subartender in close vicinity, made a split-second call. The frame of the subaltern expanded and folded out into hundreds of tiny, wriggling tendrils, as he is often fond of showing for intimidation's sake. Only this time, the tendrils were put to actual use. In a disturbing scene, the escapee was gored to death within seconds. The nearby crowds, already panicking from Shrike's unexpected gunshot, were driven into total chaos at the realization of this killing.
- Station Security officer Jared Bechdel arrived on the scene with his team shortly afterward. Jared was shocked that a Union operative would take such a drastic action. Junior attempted to justify the action by saying the mystery man might have returned to the Heralds to cause more damage. But on the inside, Junior was wracked with guilt at what he had done.
- A look through the man's slate revealed he was indeed with the Heralds, and his name was Kenneth Grippen. He was to pick up DM28 and bring him to a ship called the *Antioch* for departure from Rainier. But the ship had already departed by this time, likely due to Kenneth sending a subtle warning about Union being aware of the scheme.
- DM28 was deeply disturbed by his actions having led to a person’s death. For once, he tried to speak his style of "wisdom," but was left speechless. He willingly went into Union's custody and expressed deep remorse for the events of the day. His view of Union and the Heralds may not have changed, but he probably has a much different outlook on getting involved in such serious matters. He was allowed to return to his normal life with the caveat of an extended period of surveillance.
- Junior decided to no longer use the same style of subaltern that it had been using, and instead switched to a less uncanny design that wouldn't turn as many heads.

# A Dusty Return
- Back on the *Rio Grande*, Cpt. Farris reprimanded Junior for what he had done, and even had a few choice words for Shrike taking a shot in the middle of a crowded part of the station. Rio suggested Junior may be in need of cycling, to which he agreed. Rio will also be delving deeper into Junior's history to see how exactly it came to be.
- Since they were all gathered in the briefing room already, 1st Lt. Kim joined the meeting remotely to give CF the parameters and new goal for the remainder of the mission. First, he established the timeline of events in Port Conroy that had occurred after they had left at the conclusion of Mission Dustgrave:
1. Union gathered up the NHPs from Virga’s lab and took care of them.
2. Union departed Havelburg. *“IPS-N and the PCPA would continue handling business as usual.”*
3. Some time later, the Dustbranded gang, itself an amalgamation of many different formerly sparse gangs, made a coordinated push on Port Conroy with the intent to take down the Magenta Syndicate and thus gain control over Port Conroy. This effort failed thanks to Magenta Red having the superior firepower and tactical minds in her personal army. The Dustbranded’s leader, Durst Slaughter, fled in shame as most of the gang’s mechs were destroyed. He is still presumed to be hiding out in a dustgrave far from the city.
4. The Syndicate bribed surviving/captured gangsters into joining their side via money, drugs, etc. and helped repair some of their equipment. Other destroyed Dustbranded mechs were repurposed for use by the Syndicate’s more trained pilots, but some were given back to the more psychotic gangsters so they could be “meat shields” on the outer perimeter of Port Conroy’s territory.
5. With the Syndicate being stronger than ever, they started making more direct moves against the PCPA, issuing thinly veiled threats to make them remain subdued.
6. A cargo ship which had been purchased by the Syndicate was later destroyed. The Syndicate placed the blame on the PCPA and moved against them, raiding the Tower (their headquarters). Some officers died in the raid, but most were captured and placed in the Tower's jail facilities. They are presumed to still be there.
7. Magenta Red herself now uses the topmost office in the Tower as her personal quarters, literally overseeing all of Port Conroy.
8. The populace is mostly swayed to Magenta Red’s side at this point. From their perspective, she defended the city against the Dustbranded attack, keeps the citizens safe (at least the ones who don’t get indebted to her), and exposed the PCPA’s corruption and put a stop to them. She keeps Port Conroy operating as it always has been, with the promise that she will eventually turn it into an economic powerhouse in the Cascade line.
- Much of this information was delivered by Kid Fritz, with input from **Mischa "Bulwark" Kowalski**, another former member of CF who has been in Port Conroy ever since Mission Dustgrave, helping to run Creighton's Printshop. Kim recommended covertly heading to the Printshop as it would be a safe space to hide out during the mission.
- Kim also warned that due to the populace's approval of Magenta Red, CF would need to try to avoid drawing too much attention to themselves. Additionally, Magenta Red is clearly villainous, and it should be assumed that she is not above causing harm to the citizens as a way to discourage Union's interference.
- The ultimate goal of the mission: get the "cure" for MesmerTrance from her.

# A Dusty Welcome
- CF dropped onto the surface of Havelburg at a far distance from Port Conroy, as landing directly in the city would certainly attract far too much attention from the Syndicate. They made their way underground into a dustgrave network, through which they proceeded towards Port Conroy.
- The squad knew there would be Dustbranded mech forces to contend with, and this inevitably occurred. The squad had to battle a group of industrial-based mechs before they were able to alert the Syndicate's high command back in Port Conroy.
- CF was successful, destroying all hostile mechs and detaining the surviving pilots. They were left behind without being interrogated since the lancers presumed any intel they could give would be known by Bulwark anyway.
- Without resting, the squad continued moving to the city's perimeter. During this time, the squad conversed about Junior and Senior's origins. Junior wasn't aware of what exactly Senior is, but it seems that Senior isn't an NHP. Also, Junior generally values the art of creation, while Senior values destruction and consumption. Despite their opposing viewpoints, they still respect each other.
- They reached the city without further interference. They dismounted their mechs and left them concealed inside an abandoned building a safe distance away from Upper Conroy.
- Entering through the dustmarket, CF saw that there was lower general foot traffic, but a much higher presence of guards. These were clearly Syndicate workers, equipped with assault hardsuits and openly carrying weapons.
- One of the city's signs said "New Port Conroy," with the first word being painted in red.

# Friendly Familiar Faces
- At Creighton's Printshop, the squad reunited with Horton the homunculus himself. Still his cheery and slightly creepy self, he recognized the squad as Chimera Force (the alias which they had used back in Missions 3 and 4).
- In the main printing facilities, they then met up with Bulwark. He greeted his old squadmates with that same gruff yet charismatic Bostonian accent they all knew and loved.
- He gave the squad a brief recap of the current situation in the city, reiterating that the shop was a safe place for them to hide out if they needed to. Most of the information was already known, but he mentioned that a certain man was often seen by Magenta Red's side: Paul. Bulwark figured that Paul may be responsible for the day to day operations of Velvet House, as Magenta stays at the top of the PCPA's Tower most of the time.
- CF determined that their next best move would be to go to Velvet House and scope it out, potentially trying to get close to Paul while pretending to not be aware of his (still unconfirmed) betrayal of 0t. They would also sign up for a Crater Pit Arena battle which would hopefully put them on Magenta Red's radar.

# Velvet House
- At Velvet House, Dominus approached the bartender, whose name tag indicated his name was Jakob, and inquired if he could get a job. Dominus realized midway through the conversation, after a mention of Kid Fritz, that this was the same Jakob from Cressidium whom Fritz had formed a friendship with. Jakob had come to Port Conroy on Fritz' suggestion, hoping to meet up so that he could start a new life in the aftermath of the Second Sons' defeat. However, Fritz had already been gone and Jakob was low on money; someone asked if he needed a job and he accepted.
- After Dominus revealed he is also a friend of Fritz, Jakob happily agreed to put a good word in for him to get a job at Velvet House. When asked for his name, Dominus gave "Paul," and Jakob said *"Huh, what a coincidence. One of the managers here is named Paul. That'll make it easier for me to remember!"*
- Jakob provided the directions to the Crater Pit signup desk, and Scimitar went there to get them registered for a fight. The person at the desk, Necole, was actually a fan of hers from the Nextgen Arena Championship. Scimitar registered the squad as the **Bellows of Disloyalty** (in a subtle nod to the reason they were there in the first place, they chose this name as an antonym of "Devoted Murmur.") Necole allowed Scimitar to get their squad bumped up to be scheduled for the next fight, which was happening in a couple of hours. She also warned Scimitar that this fight would be against the reigning champions of the arena, but this naturally didn't bother her.
- Shrike saw that there was a staff-only area attached to the casino floor which required an elevator to access. The elevator required a keycard to use, and he presumed that the guards would have those cards. He reported a drunkard causing chaos in a restroom to one of these guards, and followed him into the restroom. When the opportunity arose, Shrike flawlessly put him in a sleeper hold, causing him to fall unconscious within seconds. Shrike found the man's wallet, ID, and Syndicate-issued keycard with security clearance rank 1. (The man's name was Nevyn Dewitt.)
- Throughout all of this, Junior wasn't quite sure how to take in the casino's atmosphere. Still feeling rather nervous about taking any actions that humans would perceive as bad or frightening, it was hesitant to do anything at all.
- Shrike used Nevyn's keycard and some of his uniform as a disguise to get into the elevator which brought him to the second floor. There were several offices and other rooms such as the guards' locker room. One of the offices was labeled "Management." Accessubg it would require a level 2 security rank. Instead, Shrike simply knocked on the door, which was soon answered by a man fitting Paul's description. Shrike immediately mentioned he was here on behalf of Kid Fritz, and Paul pretended to violently grab Shrike and hoist him into the office, since apparently security cameras in the hallway would be able to hear their conversation.
- Paul explained everything. *“I swear, I had been working for ZeroTrace this whole time. But…things changed after Kid Fritz uploaded that virus to the network here. It was real close to wiping out everything Magenta Red had worked so hard to build. Now, I can’t exactly blame him for that - after all, Rich and the others pushed him into doing it. And hell, I was all for it myself. The problem is that it drove Magenta to paranoia. She started thinking it was an inside job and then went to dig deeper into all of her Syndicate members - background checks and so forth. She started getting close to the truth about me and 0t, which is why I was really counting on Fritz to be there when I needed him. Unfortunately for me, Fritz didn’t show again, and Magenta soon learned who I associated with and what sort of skills I really possessed. She accused me in private of being the one who uploaded the virus, which obviously isn’t true. I told her as much, but she wasn’t having it. I was afraid she’d torture or kill me, but I should have known better - she’s an enterprising person. She instead gave me a promotion and ordered me to stop it, but also keep a copy on hand ‘just in case.’ I asked her why she wasn’t gonna kill me, and she just told me that I should do it or else ZeroTrace will lose a few members. So I did. But I did it for the safety of my friends! And I’m still working for her because I’m afraid of what she’d do if I stopped.“*
- Shrike believed Paul's story and asked him about the cure for MesmerTrance. But Paul had no idea what this referred to. As far as Paul knows, there is no cure. He merely had to work long and hard in order to undo the damage that the virus caused. He figured that whoever mentioned the cure was probably referring to him, whether they knew it or not.
- Shrike wondered if Paul would be able to reverse the virus on Rainier Station if he were to come back with CF. He responded that he could certainly try, but he wasn't sure how he could get out of Port Conroy without invoking Magenta's ire. Shrike said that he would communicate with his squad to see if they could figure something out, and that in the meantime, they were trying to arrange a meeting with Magenta via the Crater Pit.
- Paul said that he would take care of the real Nevyn Dewitt, and made Shrike promise to pretend that this entire conversation never happened, to which he agreed.
- After reconvening with each other, CF then spent the next few hours playing some casino games with nothing better to do. Shrike was the only one who ended up winning some chips, via blackjack. Dominus was unfortunately too easy to read at Cascade hold 'em. Scimitar pushed her luck at the craps table, but lost all that she put down. Meanwhile, Junior was trying its hardest to understand the fun of gambling, setting up a simulation within its processing unit that was literally just destroying its money. *"This is something that humans do for fun."*

# Crater Pit Bloodsports
- The Bellows of Disloyalty went to prepare for their big debut in the Crater Pit. The announcer introduced each squad member one by one using custom theme songs and speaking a bit about their fighting styles.
- Each pilot also had the opportunity to strike a pose for the crowd to get them hyped up. Dominus activated Abaddon's core power, causing jets of plasma to begin bursting forth, and he dismounted the mech as he is often wont to do. The crowd loved it!
- Scimitar acrobatically leapt from obstruction to obstruction around the ring as Long March to Heaven waved its hypostasis banner, culminating in an impressive backflip to the central area. Again, the crowd went wild!
- Junior walked out to smooth jazz music, which had the crowd pretty confused, but they got the vibe pretty quickly. Due to its nervousness and lingering guilt, Junior chose to simply go to the central area without doing anything flashy. But after the announcer remarked on the unusual nature of Junior and Drowned in Love, it had Senior let out a terrifying scream up to the heavens, which put a whole new spin on the mech for the crowd, which was left in awe!
- Similarly, Shrike's introduction was one of minimal braggadocio, as he simply took in the crowd all around him and stated to his squadmates, "Let's get this over with." 
- All were hoping that Magenta Red would be watching these newcomers to the arena take on the reigning champions: the Titans of Industry, led by the one and only **Brutus**! Brutus piloted a bastion class frame with a lot of heavily modified industrial parts to make it extra tanky and dangerous to be close to.
- The fight's challenge was called a "beacon recon," which tasked the Bellows with pinging four different beacons in the corners of the ring while dealing with the enemy's assault at the same time. They would then need to control the zone around the final beacon to be pinged.
- Despite Long March to Heaven taking a decent beating, the Bellows put a swift end to all of the Titans of Industry, including Brutus himself, brought down by a staggering hit from Abaddon's variable sword, erupting in plasma energy to such an absurd degree that it resembled Rho's own personal whip, but at a much larger scale.
- All of the beacons were pinged, and the final surviving opponent surrendered in the face of obvious defeat. The Bellows of Disloyalty became the new champions!
- As is tradition in the Crater Pit, the victors were allowed to take one piece of equipment from the leader of their opponents. Brutus' modified shield now belongs to them.

# A Magenta Meeting
- Backstage, the squad received their payout for winning the fight and arranged to have their mechs transported back to Creighton's Printshop. Dominus asked if there was a "championship belt," and there was! It's a proper trophy belt designed to look like it was cobbled together with a bunch of pieces of scrap metal. He wore it proudly for the rest of the day.
- The squad then received an omni message from Bulwark: "Bellows of Disloyalty, we kindly request that you make your way back to Creighton’s Printshop as soon as you can. There is a most esteemed guest here who would like to meet you." The formality of the message raised their eyebrows as it didn't sound like something he would have said. They suspected he may be being held against his will or someone is merely messaging through his account.
- Shrike scouted ahead while the rest of the squad tailed him. He managed to get close enough to the printshop's lobby windows to see Horton and Bulwark standing behind the main desk, and a group of 4 in the waiting area: 2 guards, a short drone or subaltern, and a woman who was so tall that she still reached the guards' height while sitting down. This was undoubtedly Magenta Red.
- CF entered the lobby, removing their protective hardsuit helmets except for Scimitar. Magenta greeted them warmly and introduced herself as the mayor of New Port Conroy. She was very impressed with their performance in the Crater Pit, albeit she was only able to catch the latter half of the fight. The squad thanked her for the kind words.
- She indicated that she was here to talk business. *"I see an opportunity that you could help me with, seeing as y’all are clearly the best mech pilots the Crater Pit has seen in a long, long time."*
- *“I’m not sure how familiar y’all are with a historical event called the Disaster. In short, it’s why this planet is constantly wracked by dust storms. Now, it’s not exactly secret that it was due to some orbital IPS-N stations exploding, but the real reason behind it all is still a bit of a mystery. I never did believe the corporate explanation. And then I…came into contact with a very interesting group of people. They told me some very interesting things. I had my boys do some research and these things do in fact seem to hold water. One of these little tidbits of knowledge was that the Disaster occurred due to the presence of a certain scientist. Does the name Victor Virga ring a bell to you?”*
- *"“Virga was hiding out from SSC and doing strange things to people and machinery. I have it on good authority that he was also deeply involved with nonhuman persons, so much so that he may have been close to violating Union’s First Contact Accords. My newfound acquaintances are interested in finding any trace of what this Dr. Virga left behind. They offered me…something that I’m interested in…in exchange for any new information I could give them. I did in fact find some new details and passed ‘em along, including an older list of orbital trajectories for the IPS-N stations before the Disaster. I take it my acquaintances are going to look for Virga’s old base. Either that or they may already be there.”"*
- She revealed that her acquaintances were in fact the Heralds of the Third Dawn. *“Imagine my surprise when I saw the spokesman of my new acquaintances appear on the news, taking responsibility for shuttin’ down Rainier Station. I thought I was dealing with subtle professionals, not reckless fools tryin’ to draw attention to themselves. The station being closed does NOT suit me nor my business. The way I see things, we were square with each other, up until now. I would be happy to assist in the efforts to bring the blink gate back online.”*
- CF, or rather the Bellows, seemed surprised to find out that she was now willing to work against the Heralds, but agreed to hear her out with whatever she needed to ask them. *“Here’s my proposal for you fine pilots. Go into orbit above Havelburg, find the Heralds, stop ‘em from whatever they’re doin’ up there, and ideally - bring back what they’ve got. If it’s anything valuable, I consider that stealing from my turf. God knows IPS-N don’t care ‘bout it no more.”*
- She also said that she had a guy in the Syndicate who could clean up the damage caused by the virus on the station, just like he did for Velvet House. This confirmed what Paul had told Shrike.
- The team huddled in the corner since it was clear that Magenta wasn't going to leave until she got an answer. She sipped a strange cocktail of drugs prepared by the medical drone that accompanied her.
- The Bellows decided that they should go along with her job, assuming she is being genuine about restoring blink gate access. They asked for a proper contract to be drawn up, and she obliged. Dominus requested a clause explicitly saying that Magenta would do everything in her power to assist with the restoration of the blink gate, and this was added.
- The team signed the contract along with Magenta, and she encouraged them to fully repair their mechs before heading into orbit. She will provide them with shuttle service if they need it. She also warned that the Heralds are likely using some bizarre mechs as they are affiliated with HORUS, and requested that the lancers recover as much equipment and data from the Heralds as they can before returning to New Port Conroy.
- Before Magenta Red departed the shop, Scimitar removed her helmet, and apologized for Karina Dowe not accepting her offer. Magenta didn't recognize her at first, but then did after thinking on it. She thanked Scimitar for at least trying, and said she would just have to continue trying to rekindle her friendship with Karina.
- Also, Dominus couldn't help but notice Magenta's similarities in terms of their physiques. Magenta explained that when she was very young, Harrison Armory had performed surgical experiments on her to greatly enhance her strength, endurance, and so forth, *"...but certainly not out of kindness. They wanted me to be a super soldier."* Seeing this as yet another similarity, Rho said that he too was the result of experiments performed by a group fairly similar to HA. She was pleasantly surprised to meet a kindred spirit and suggested the two of them have a drink together some time, if he was interested in starting an "enterprise" of his own, as she did upon leaving HA. Rho realized *another* similarity in that he already did this with the Peerless!
- Magenta left them with a final bit of knowledge: the drug cocktails she drinks from her medical drone do not enhance her strength. In fact, they do the opposite - her metabolism is so efficient that the drugs *suppress* it. Otherwise it would be out of control. *"Just so you don't go spreadin' rumors about me, of course."* She winked and left the shop.

# Echoes of Disaster
- The Bellows decided to take Magenta up on her offer for a shuttle, and they were brought into orbit. Using copies of the old satellite orbital trajectories, they searched through the space junk and wreckages above Havelburg for any signs of activity.
- They eventually picked up heat signatures in a certain cluster of debris, and confirmed that there were other shuttles and chassis. After their shuttle pilot confirmed he had no plans on dying in space, the Bellows had to determine how to approach the Heralds in a way that did not involve speeding their own shuttle into the fray.
- They decided to calmly approach the scene and open a comms channel with them, then try to convince them that they were there on Magenta's behalf. Hopefully this would allow them to peacefully enter.
- Once they got somewhat close in their mechs, they began trying to communicate with the Heralds. Their squad's leader responded, saying that they were not expecting Magenta's people to accompany them in orbit. The Bellows stated that they merely wanted to warn the Heralds about the presence of a Union ship in the area. The Herald took some time to think about this and discuss it with their squadmates before responding: *"Okay, thanks for the warning. Head on over to that central platform over there and keep your eyes peeled. That's where we're loading up the supplies and tech we're scavenging."*
- Scimitar was able to read this person's tone and realized that they were not being entirely genuine, instead likely luring the Bellows to the platform to spring a trap on them. So the Bellows decided to do what they do best - head in with guns blazing!
- There were a few bizarre frames, as Magenta had suspected, including an archon and a curse. The Heralds were also joined by a Void Reaper, who had clearly been hired to help support them.
- Although the Void Reaper nearly completed their hunt against Dominus, Shrike was able to destroy them with a well-placed railgun shot that also killed the pilot.
- Though a new "curse" class frame posed a significant threat to Dominus due to his mech's habit of running hot, Junior and Shrike destroyed it and several other frames with a few well-placed shots.
- Once it became clear that these Heralds had lost, CF proceeded to round them up and decide what should be done with them.

# The Heralds of the...What, Exactly?
- Interrogating them revealed, well, not much at all. They were very hesitant to answer CF's questions at first, but when Scimitar stepped forward, the leader of the group turned out to be a fan of hers! While the rest of CF played the intimidation game, Scimitar was the "good cop."
- The Herald told them they had been tasked with recovering anything of value that they could from Virga's old base, especially focusing on data storage devices and NHP caskets. At the mention of the term "NHP," Drowned in Love let out a mighty roar that wasn't heard, but was felt.
- They revealed that the Heralds had actually provided Virga with NHPs in the past which he had used in his "KHEPRI" project, and now the Heralds' leadership wanted those NHPs back, if they're still alive.
- Scimitar stated that the Heralds are clearly Aunic, to which this particular Herald disagreed. They said that their whole organization was a diverse mixture of people and beliefs. CF was growing tired of these vague answers and Junior expressed this sentiment by preparing some cups of tea, which promptly boiled and floated out of their cups (due to zero gravity). It said that blood would do the same thing and the Heralds started understanding what the lancers wanted.
- Scimitar pointed out that the Messenger had clearly given an anti-Ra, pro-Metat Aun speech, the Herald relented somewhat and admitted that they were all *affiliated with* the Aun in that sense. Apparently the Messenger had been given a vision by Metat Aun showing them the correct path that they must follow, and that path just so happened to be against Ra.
- Additionally, other members of this group started objecting to certain things the first person was saying and it quickly became clear that the members of the Heralds themselves don't all agree on what exactly their organization stands for. This was no surprise given that is typically how things go when a group is involved with HORUS in some way.
- Shrike recalled that Virga had been connected to the Aun in some way back before he fled SSC's Exotic Materials division, as a note from his lab stated "the Ascendancy will regret severing ties with (him)." It seemed as though the Heralds weren't serving the Ascendancy's interests when they had provided NHPs to Virga, but now that they are, they wish to have those NHPs and Virga's research.
- CF assured the leader of this group that they would all merely be handed over to Magenta Red and she would probably not harm them. First, they had the group's leader send a message to their superiors stating that they found a surviving NHP from the base and could drop off the casket at the designated point (a certain spot in the Rainier space port). The plan is that this NHP will be Junior, who volunteered for the position, and it will be able to get closer to the Heralds' leadership undercover. The response to the message was affirmative.
- Before departing the wreckage of the base, Scimitar decided to take a second pass through the data storage devices that the Heralds had retrieved. She found that Virga's Aunic connection took the form of an undercover Ascendancy agent with ExMat. They hadn't put any of their theorizing into practice beyond discussing ideas and proposing theories, but their conversations are what inspired Virga to pursue the KHEPRI project. Virga bemoaned the fact that the Ascendancy believed him to be too volatile and hard to control.

# Everyone's Supernova Girl, Magenta Red
- Upon returning to New Port Conroy, Magenta reached out in a call to verify that the Bellows of Disloyalty had completed the job. They said they had, and turned over the stuff they found as well as the members of the Heralds themselves. Magenta was extremely pleased with the squad's service.
- She followed through with her contracted promise, sending Paul back to Rainier Station with them, with the caveat being that she expected him to return after the blink gate was repaired.
- Paul was very glad and surprised that they were able to get her to willingly send him. He suggested perhaps staying with 0t, though he and Shrike acknowledged that it would be a risk to betray Magenta's word. But that's something he can figure out later with his friends' help.
- The squad fully repaired their mechs at the printshop and said goodbye to Horton and Bulwark again, and went back to Rainier.
- On the way back, Scimitar realized they had never tried to figure out what Magenta got out of her deal with the Heralds (the one involving her giving them the MesmerTrance virus). She emailed Magenta and got a response a few days later: "Darling, I'm afraid that's none of your business."
- A broadcast of OmniNews Now publicly confirmed that the blink station was back up and running. *“Folks, I’m getting word from the folks at Rainier Station administration that the blink gate is almost fully repaired and will be live and operational within approximately 3 days! “Reports are saying that the repairs are extremely technologically advanced and being performed by a representative of the Magenta Syndicate, which is operated by a woman named Magenta Red, the newly elected mayor of New Port Conroy on the planet Havelburg. We here at OmniNews Now would like to extend our personal gratitude, as well as that of the entire Cascade line, to Magenta Red for this great service. And with that, let’s continue talking about tonight’s stories. Remember that shocking murder that happened in the streets of the trade district just a few days ago? It was originally thought to have been the result of a malfunctioning security drone but it turns out that it might have been connected to the Heralds of the Third Dawn. Stay tuned for more on that after a word from our sponsors.”*
- Everyone throughout Rainier celebrated, and CF's mission was completed successfully. They decided that although they went to New Port Conroy to take down the Syndicate, there would always be time for that later...