# Downtime: Second Dusk
- Charlie Foxtrot returned to Rainier Station for some downtime, but many of them used a portion of it to work toward certain...plans that they hadn't gotten the chance to do before. 

- **Scimitar: Heal Burden.** More physical therapy and relaxation led to Scimitar fully recovering from her post-electroshock syndrome.

- **Dominus: Heal Burden.** Another conversation with Vilicus, this time reflecting on Dominus' similar history to that of Magenta Red and how it gave him a sense of optimism and hope that he isn't alone in the galaxy, helped Rho continue working through his childhood trauma.

- **Shrike: Scrounge and Barter.** With the help of a member of Raptors' Nest, Shrike stealthed his way into the cargo hold of a Void Reaper transport vessel in the spaceport and stole a unique piece of mech equipment (in the form of the Laser Guidance reserve). During this, he had to knock out a Void Reaper, which he did perfectly and in a way that would make them believe it was just a freak accident.

- **Scimitar: Beg, Borrow, and Steal.** Through Scimitar's talent as a **Scrounger**, she was able to find a program on the *Rio Grande* that could come in handy during a fight. (if1thenstop.exe, which was given to Shrike.)

- **Scimitar: Step into the Ring.** Zara entered a martial arts exhibition with the goal of partaking in something involving less brutal violence and more flashiness. Her routine involved her breaking objects, starting with simple boards of wood and working her way up to the grand finale - a chunk of a Saladin's shield. A dazzling wave of energy exploded forth from the metal and the crowd went wild, earning her new fans in the process. Additionally, she clocked DevotedMurmur28 in the audience, who gave her a slight nod indicating his approval. Scimitar won a Scrap Converter reserve and some extra fame on Rainier Station.

- **Junior: Order from the Market.** Junior decided to place an order through Magenta Red for an interesting item he remembered seeing in the Dustmarket: a “Field Marshal” Comp/Con unit that would provide enhanced support for his allies in battle. He tried his best to write a very polite message to her asking for this, but it ended up coming across as a threat due to language such as “if you help me get this comp/con that I want, I will not eat you or any of your soldiers,” but of course from his perspective, it sounded like a nice thing to say. Despite the threats, Magenta was more than happy to send him this item, which was still available. She said in her response that she “wouldn’t want anyone getting eaten on (her) watch,” along with a smiling, winking emoji. Gained “Field Marshal” Comp/Con.

# Interlude: The Assassination of Magenta Red
- Dominus found Shrike running maintenance and calibrations on the squad's weapons and gear in the *Rio Grande*'s mech hangar. He said that he wished to take action with Magenta Red in some way. His background makes him not a huge fan of authority figures such as her.
- Shrike doubted her motivation to help Rainier was altruistic, and in the long run, she would probably clash with Union in some way later on. But removing her could cause things to get volatile in New Port Conroy.
- Dominus figured that her replacement “wouldn’t be a genetically modified super soldier from Harrison Armory,” meaning that anyone else but her would be better.
- Rho asked Dalton bluntly, *“If you’re willing to help me… I could meet with Magenta Red. And you could be there without her knowing. We could get the deed done, then slip out.”*
- Shrike seemed shocked by this proposal: *“Are you asking me to KILL Magenta Red!?”* Rho replied: *"Yes. I’ve thought about this a lot and I think we should get straight to the point."*
- Shrike said he didn't think Dominus had it in him and was actually quite proud of this reveal.
- Dominus said he wasn't going to run this by Cpt. Farris because it's better to ask for forgiveness than permission. Shrike said: *"Words to live by. I'm in."*
- Dalton decided to ask Sterling Lockley (as a member of Raptors' Nest) to come along for this assassination plan as support. Sterling agreed to it, liking the sound of taking some real action against an authoritarian.
- The plan started out with Shrike intending to take a sniper's position in one of the abandoned buildings on the surface of New Port Conroy to shoot Magenta while she and Dominus met in front of Creighton's Printshop. However, the unpredictable dust storms and the fact that Magenta probably wouldn't choose to simply stand out front of the place led to them changing the plan to happen inside the printshop's lobby.
- Shrike and Sterling hid in some supply crates that were printed by Bulwark to appear as full containers but with plenty of empty space under the first layer of stuff. Dominus invited Magenta over for a discussion about their pasts, to which she agreed. Dominus would scratch his ear twice, and this would be the signal for Shrike to jump out and do the deed.
- Bulwark said the last time she came by the shop, she first had her bodyguards sweep the place to make sure it was safe for her. And sure enough, two of her guards showed up. Without removing their protective hardsuits, they entered without a word. Bulwark greeted them like last time, asking if they were about to clear the place. They simply nodded and looked around the lobby, offices, and shop floor. One of them leaned in close and whispered something to Dominus; apparently Magenta Red was running a bit late.
- After an hour or so of waiting, she arrived with the guards and her medical drone. Without any of them removing their hardsuits, she greeted Dominus, who pulled up a table and chairs in a room just off to the side. Still with her full hardsuit on, she sat down. She asked if the meal would be ready soon, and Dominus indicated to Bulwark to improvise some food.
- Bulwark interpreted this to be "the sign," since Shrike was no longer able to see Dominus from his hiding spot. Bulwark gave the go-ahead to Shrike, and he and Sterling snuck out of the false supply crates. Shrike told Dominus he was making his move through their earpiece communicators. 
- Dominus led Magenta out of their room so that Shrike would be able to strike from behind. Shrike and Sterling shot both of her guards in the back first. Dalton then ran up to Magenta, and just as she turned around, he said to her, *"Consider this Paul's notice of resignation."* Two to the chest and one to the head. Blood spattered, and Magenta fell to the floor, dead.
- Dominus had Bulwark hide the body and recommended that he get away from Havelburg at some point soon since he was an accomplice in the plan.
- After returning to the *Rio Grande*, Shrike had a feeling that they should have removed the hardsuit helmet to check the body. Dominus messaged Bulwark if he could still do that, and he said he did that when he hid the body - it was definitely Magenta. Who knows why she was keeping her full hardsuit on? Perhaps she was suspicious of some other kind of ambush or trap.

- **Scimitar: Get Organized.** Meanwhile, Zara decided to take some action of her own, having been left out of the assassination plot. Only instead of entirely focused on Magenta Red, her idea was to start forming an organization which would be intended to help people fight oppression in tyranny in a variety of places. Hearkening back to her roots as a gladiator slave-turned-freedom fighter who helped depose the former Emir of Suldan, Julian Khan, she formed the **Colosseum Coalition**. She wants this organization to become a humanitarian/information network that seeks to support armed struggles against tyrants throughout the galaxy. The first person she went to for recruitment was none other than DM28. *"I must admit, this does sound like a good opportunity to bring justice to people all through the galaxy. I will accept your offer on one condition: I will have a seat on your council."* Scimitar agreed to this. He also asked her to knight him in the "traditional Suldani ceremony." She asked if he realized that she helped *end* the regime that supported that. He insisted that he did, but this was "his lifelong freaking dream," requesting that she at least do something cool. He knelt before her with his katana offered to her. She took it, walked around behind him, and sheathed it at his waist, with some words expressing hope that he would never have to use it. He thought that was genuinely pretty cool.

- **Dominus: Buy Some Time.** After returning to Rainier from Havelburg, Rho approached Philippe J. Phry and Lender once again to see if they'd be willing to extend their falsified contract to have the Peerless continue following the *Rio Grande* for a while longer. They agreed to it without any complications due to how serious and professional Rho seemed.

- **Shrike: Reach Out.** Knowing that the squad would be heading to his home system, Dalton decided to reach out and make contact with a former officer from the Demetrian People's Liberation Army: **Colonel Devyn Winters**. Winters was glad to know that Dalton was making a "visit" home. He said that the Void Reapers are trying to establish a presence in the system, Union still has a presence there, the war between the DPLA and the Greater Zagrean Republic seems unlikely to reignite, and that Dalton's father is doing well. His father misses him but is proud of what he's doing in service to Union.

- **Junior: Scrounge and Barter.** While passing the time on the *Rio Grande*, Junior decided to look around the cargo bay in search of any interesting things he might find. It turns out that a Union Navy ship is pretty damn efficient and there’s not a lot of stuff just lying around. However, he did find a mech core battery tucked away in a storage locker with a note attached to it that said “Property of Kid Fritz. Don’t touch unless you want this to explode!” Junior was hoping for an explosion since that would be interesting, but the battery didn’t do anything when he picked it up. Maybe Senior can make it explode? (Gained a Core Battery at the cost of time.)

- **Dominus: Assist Your Superiors.** In an attempt to get ahead of any sort of disciplinary action against him, Dominus decided to do as much work as possible with writing reports for his superior officers. He did admit to arranging the assassination of Magenta Red, and submitted the report to 1st Lt. Kim. Rho got lucky that Kim was in a relatively good mood and greatly approved of the submitted work. Kim said that he would need to report this to Cpt. Farris, but would not express disapproval of Rho's actions. Additionally, Rio gave him an experimental program that should help out briefly in mech combat.

- **Scimitar: Bless the Mess.** Toward the end of the downtime period, Zara decided to cook a feast for the *Rio Grande*'s crew. It took 3 whole days of preparation and cooking the freshest ingredients from Rainier's markets. The feast was well-received by the crew, and Zara's morale was boosted as a result.

# The Peerless' New Recruit
- On the way to the mission briefing, Shrike received a text message from his Raptors' Nest contact within the Peerless, Piers Kinton. It stated that there was something unusual going on in the *Hercules*: a new recruit has seemingly passed through the ranks extremely quickly. She is even taller than Rho, has a medical drone following her, and those who saw her and started asking questions were told to not do so.
- Dalton asked if Rho knew about her presence. Piers confirmed this, as he had seen Dominus leading Magenta through the *Hercules* at one point early on.
- For now, Shrike chose to keep this information to himself.

# Next Mission
- In the briefing room, Cpt. Farris admonished Dominus for assassinating Magenta. Even though she saw the reasoning behind it and knew she was not good as a leader, she still said that Dominus shouldn't be taking such drastic action without at least running it by her first.
- She also mentioned that the SSC pilot who was captured on EN4 has started talking, but is still mostly reticent. Her name is at least confirmed to be **Tamara Wynn**.
- Cpt. Farris began the briefing for the next mission. *"It was like pulling teeth, but we were able to get access to the immigration records from both the Demetrian Alliance and the Greater Zagrean Republic. Rio found that Edison and Talia Farris’ surname used to be Kouris. They lived on a farm in a remote rural area of Milia (the country whose capital is Prospera on Persephone). We were also informed by the GZR that Talia had worked for their military back in the day, when the planet’s primary government was still called the Phorosian Dominion. She evidently had a whole complex built for her and Edison’s farm, which was meant to utilize and perfect experimental techniques in crop-growing, energy harvesting, mining, and so forth. The complex was funded by the Zagrean government in hopes that it would lead to them being less dependent on the resources of their sister planet. Today, the GZR claims that site was abandoned when Talia and Edison fled their world. It’s unknown why they left Persephone, as they did so in secret, bypassing official channels to secure passage on a cosmopolitan trade vessel. The abandoned Kouris Farm complex is supposedly still mostly intact, just worn and weathered down by the elements."*
- *“It stands to reason that the farm is likely hiding other secrets under the surface. The Aunic Chosen’s specific interest in me, or at least my genetic makeup, has led us to very interesting places so far. That’s why your next mission will be to get to my grandparents’ old farm on Persephone and see what you can dig up. However, that’s not going to be as easy as it sounds. Not unlike the situation in the Cascade-16 system, relations between the prime governmental bodies on both Demeter and Persephone are not necessarily…good. They’ve been better ever since they formally ended their war, but while the Demetrian Alliance seeks to join Union, the GZR is less keen. Union has a diplomatic presence in embassies of each government’s capital city, but the GZR is notoriously stricter and highly skeptical of us. This is likely the reason why they denied us access to send all of you to their planet. The Union Ambassador to the GZR did her best to convince them that we’re not interested in disciplinary measures against the modern government, but their skepticism has led to them blocking any of our military forces from entering their territories. As there are no confirmed active Utopian Pillar violations, Union can’t exactly invade them.”*
- 1st Lt. Kim added the following. *“That is where you come in. You’re going to deploy behind, well, I shouldn’t say behind enemy lines, but for lack of a better term, that is what you will be doing. The GZR is geographically very large, and it has notably harsh terrain outside of its major cities. This makes travel by land rather inconvenient, but it works out nicely for us, as you’ll most likely be able to avoid notice by the GZR. And finding a good LZ won’t be a challenge for Elly, of course. You’ll touch down and then make your way to the Kouris Farm. You may be wondering why you can’t simply drop into the Farm directly and save some time. Rio can answer that.“*
- Rio showed evidence of the first bit of resistance that CF would face on the ground. She pulled up a map on her screen that showed planet Persephone, then it zoomed in close to an overhead view of a series of structures. *“This is the Kouris Farm complex.”* The map then panned across a few kilometers to another structure. *“At first I wasn’t sure what to make of this, but I discovered something interesting while looking at some other satellite images of the same coordinates. Sometimes that structure is there, and sometimes it isn’t. It dawned on me to check images from nearby coordinates at various timestamps, and the answer quickly became obvious. It’s not a structure - it’s a mech. Not as large as General Thorne’s behemoth, but larger than any of yours, if that helps imagine the scale. I did some more digging into what records I could access, and I believe that mech is a PD-452M. The Demetrians gave it a nickname - the ‘Factory Strider.’ These were deployed to the battlefields on Demeter during the war against the Phorosian Dominion. They’re able to actively consume inorganic and organic matter, convert it into workable material, and fabricate autonomous mech-scale drones all while walking on four legs. The matter that couldn’t be used for fabrication was instead used to fuel the strider; hence why this unit is still walking. They were known to strike fear in the hearts of the Demetrian fighters who would see them towering over distant treetops; not only were they physically imposing, but they were also extremely difficult to destroy due to their advanced design and construction. This factory strider near the Kouris Farm is likely one that was given to Talia and Edison to aid in protecting the complex from potential invaders. Of course, they probably assumed such hypothetical invaders would be Demetrian, not Union, but...well, this is where we are. Once you get close enough to the farm, the strider will almost certainly detect your presence; its medium range scanners are, as you might expect, fine-tuned to pick up traces of foreign machinery. It then diverts towards the source for consumption. You’ll need to take it out fast. An extended engagement with a thing of that size in the wilderness is bound to cause a ping on the GZR’s radar. And obviously, we don’t want that.”*
- Cpt. Farris concluded the briefing. *“We’re calling this mission ‘Quiet Harvest.’ Land on Persephone, destroy the factory strider, get to the farm, and see what you can find. Some other mission parameters are a certain kind of large subterranean fauna called rock worms, and you’ll need to be on the lookout for automated defenses on the Farm. It’s possible that the complex has a way of keeping itself powered in stasis just enough to trigger defensive actions. The stakes for this mission: it may be the final chance to figure out the Aun’s interest in my genetic makeup. Also, if evidence of your activity is found by the GZR, relations between them and us will be significantly weakened, which wouldn’t be good for Demeter either. Upon mission completion, you will be promoted in license level. You might find some interesting pieces of gear on the Farm that can be salvaged, too.”*

# Shrike Confronts Dominus
- After the briefing concluded, Shrike pulled Dominus aside in the corridor. He asked how the Peerless were doing. Dominus said they would be getting a second ship soon.
- Shrike was upfront and asked Dominus about the "new hire." Dominus wondered how he heard about her, and Shrike simply replied, *"People talk, I listen."*
- Rho admitted Magenta Red was still alive and now with the Peerless, and that the "assassination" was a ruse. Junior had been controlling the subaltern body doubles for Magenta Red and her bodyguards. They were equipped with bags of fake blood so that it would look realistic when they got shot.
- Bulwark's involvement was very last-second, as Dominus had pleaded with him to claim that the body belonged to Magenta, and Bulwark went along with it.
- Rho explained his reasoning behind the whole thing: Magenta comes from a similar background as him. He didn't have it in him to murder her, and thinks she can be a better person. This way, she doesn't pose a threat to (New) Port Conroy and she is under the impression that Union put out a hit on her.
- Dalton was shocked that Dominus would deceive him like this, but chose to go along with it for the time being. *"If you're wrong about this, I'll take care of the problem...permanently."*

# Swift Disassembly
- The *Rio Grande* traveled through the Rainier blink gate to Annapurna Station, then flew at nearlight speed to the Phoros system, eventually arriving in orbit above Persephone.
- CF took their shuttle and landed at a remote LZ several kilometers from the Kouris Farm. They disembarked in their mechs and began traveling across the rocky, dry, and chilly landscape.
- Their sensors soon began flagging a hostile source picking them up on scanners. It wasn't long before the factory strider appeared, ready to destroy, consume, and fabricate!
- During the fight, the strider printed out a lot of weaker fodder-type enemies, but Dominus was quick to act to destroy them all by forcing the strider to eject burning hot slag around it.
- The squad was able to destroy the strider quickly and clean up its fabricated minions. They performed light repairs before moving on.

# The Kouris Farm
- The squad arrived at the farm complex, greeted by a slogan on an archway: HISTORIA DUCIT VIAM NOSTRAM. Vilicus identified this as Latin and loosely translated it to “history guides our way/path.”
- They investigated the rundown buildings that made up the place. A large central structure seemed to be the main farmhouse. All power was out.
- A smaller building outside that was hooked up to generators turned out to be a monitoring station, and it indicated that the main generator was still down.
- This generator was underground, and after Shrike powered it up with his mech’s core, it resumed its job.
- Back at the main building, the lancers accessed a terminal and saw many highly outdated reports of various aspects about the farm, along with an option to run a local network troubleshooter. After agreeing to a system reboot, the network was back online.
- The final menu option was rather curious: “Summon Amika.” After some deliberation, they agreed to click this button, and **Amika** greeted them. She seemed to be an NHP integrated into the Farm’s network. She also lacked most of her specific memories from before Talia Farris/Kouris abruptly shut her down, aside from generally knowing that she was in charge of system administration and serving as an assistant to Talia in the day-to-day operations of the complex.
- The lancers introduced themselves to her using their callsigns and explained that ThirdComm ended up winning the revolution against SecComm, with Union now being a force for good in the galaxy. Amika seemed to go along with accepting this as a good thing.
- She found that her PCU (physical containment unit) was in an underground chamber beneath the farm somewhere, protected by layers of physical security.
- CF attempted to jog her memory by asking her about specific things such as the Aunic Ascendancy, which she had no memory of or familiarity with. Some other things such as the Phorosian Dominion worked to a degree, and she was surprised to find out that they were no longer in control of Persephone, or in existence at all.
- She ran some diagnostics on herself and found that some of her neural pathways were being blocked. For humans who have lost memories, when they are exposed to certain smells from the original time period, their memories sometimes come back to them. Amika believes the squad can help her do essentially this, metaphorically speaking. The farm's system treats certain major tasks as "endeavors," which require humans to direct and interact with the work involved as these tasks are too dangerous, large-scale, and/or require a higher degree of precision in execution. Amika thinks that if the squad can complete at least some of the currently available endeavors, the system will be "tricked" into unblocking her neural pathways.
- The available endeavors were ore extraction and collection (mining), collecting ambient energy via silos at Site Bravo, and undertaking a survey of a nearby colony of rock worms that have been giving off unusual energy signatures.

# Mining Endeavor
- CF accepted this proposition and got to work. Amika provided them the ability to remotely communicate with her. She also warned them about the factory strider: even though they had destroyed it (which she was pleasantly surprised to learn), it had still fabricated a lot of drones around the various endeavor sites that CF would need to deal with. There was a redundancy in place which caused these lingering drones to reactivate after CF had brought the farm's network back online.
- The first endeavor the squad chose was the one for ore extraction. They made their way to the quarry site and began the work, which caused nearby drones to hone in on them.
- As the fight drew on, Amika detected rock worm sign in the vicinity, as they were seemingly disturbed by the mining activities. A few worms showed up and joined the fray, curiously ignoring the drones and vice versa.
- The squad was able to successfully complete the endeavor, eliminate all threats, and then had some time to perform light repairs.

# Amika's First Recovered Memories
- Amika very quickly regained some of her memories, including the knowledge that Talia Kouris/Farris was a highly sought-after engineer who worked for the Phorosian Dominion’s military for about a decade.
- She also stumbled upon an audio recording made by Talia all those years ago...
- *“Hello, Amika. At the time of recording, I’ve put you in stasis mode. You’ll stay like that for…hopefully a long time. The Nobilis has declared me a dissident. Edison too. I have come to understand that the cause to which I have dedicated my life’s work has been nothing but a sham this entire time. I know it takes strength to admit when you’re wrong, but I don’t feel strong. Just…aimless. It was all for nothing. The only thing we can do now is leave. Leave this farm, this planet. We’ll find a place where we can start new lives - hopefully, anyway. Amika…I want you to know that I’m sorry for how this all turned out. I should have just kept my damn mouth shut all those years ago when I found you. There’s no way I can get you out of here with me, so I can only hope and pray that your PCU remains undetected. If they find you, I’ve added a…self-destruct protocol which you can use as a last resort. Trust me, it’s better than what they would do to you. But of course you also have the Typhon countermeasure...in the off chance that it still works, I suppose. I doubt you’ll ever see me again. If you miss me, don’t. I was nothing but a danger to you. You are the soul of this farm - of my life, really. You showed me the truth of who I was becoming. And for that, I’ll be forever grateful. I hope I’ve imparted a lesson to you as well - humans will inevitably destroy that which they don’t understand, regardless of how pure they believe their intentions to be. Never forget that.”*
- Vilicus recognized the word "Nobilis" as the title held by the leader of the Restorium. It seems as though Talia and Edison may have been former members of it, but had a change of heart. Being declared a dissident was considered the worst possible punishment that could be given to members of the Restorium.
- Amika wasn't totally sure what the "Typhon countermeasure" was, but she did recall that Talia and she had collaborated on it, and that it is some sort of defensive measure to be used in case of the farm being attacked.

# Energy Endeavor
- The second endeavor that CF decided to tackle was to help the ambient energy-gathering silos at Site Bravo remain intact while Amika would remotely power them up.
- There was already a squad of fabricated drones guarding the site and CF was ready for action.
- The silos violently threw their power cores out of them, so the lancers had to bring them back to their respective silos. They were able to do this for enough silos to mark the endeavor as a success.
- The squad performed more light repairs and started heading back to the farm.
- Amika said that all of her memories were regained, but she did not wish to explain everything to the squad immediately. Instead, she wanted them to learn things piece by piece and in a certain order. It was unclear why she insisted on doing it this way, but CF followed along.

# Unexpected Company
- On their way back to the farm, CF was contacted by Rio. *"Charlie Foxtrot, be advised you’re about to have unexpected company. Scanners are showing an aerial vehicle on the move toward the farm complex. It’s following the same path that you took to get there and it’s almost reached the wreckage of the factory strider. It looks like it might be the GZR."*
- CF passed this warning along to Amika, encouraging her to power down the farm's systems and lay low to avoid being discovered.
- The lancers chose to book it as fast as they could in their mechs, then dismount while leaving their mechs behind in the forested area near the farm. They intended on hiding their presence at first and being prepared to ambush the GZR squad if necessary.
- They went to the hangar-like warehouse section attached to the farm's main structure. Shrike climbed to the rafters where he could keep an eye on things from above. Dominus disguised himself as a shoddy-looking vagrant and started a fire in an oil barrel. Scimitar simply took position in a dark corner.
- Junior chose to stay behind at a monitoring station and jack into the farm's network. In the digital realm, Amika greeted him with a decent amount of surprise. To Junior, her form appeared extremely blurred and as though it was blending in with its surroundings.
- Shrike saw the helicopter land in an open area near the structure, and four soldiers exited with the pilot remaining inside. Their uniforms were a dark orange and black color scheme, essentially confirming that they were indeed with the GZR. They fanned out and began patrolling the complex.
- One of the soldiers entered the warehouse after some effort to get the rusty main door to open. Dominus had thrown a rag over the barrel fire and hid himself in a corner, still with the intention of playing the part of a vagrant. The soldier began sweeping the room with a flashlight mounted to the barrel of his assault rifle, and quickly spotted the wisps of smoke rising from the barrel. He spoke to his team via earpiece communicator, telling them that there were signs of life here and they should come to him to provide backup.
- Scimitar emerged from her corner and allowed the light beam to find her. As the soldier raised the light to her face, it became obvious that she had donned a silver veil - an unusual article of clothing she had picked up from the Voladores earlier. This veil caused the light to reflect brightly back to the soldier, which naturally startled him. Scimitar used this opportunity to address him, telling him not to worry and that she wouldn't harm him.
- She removed the veil and the soldier demanded what she was doing there. She invented a story about how she was something of a "nomadic chef" who wandered the galaxy in search of the finest ingredients. The Kouris Farm was apparently well-known as a place where very interesting foodstuffs could be found, thanks to its origin as a place to research experimental techniques in agriculture. *“I go where my nose leads me, and my nose led me to the Kouris Farm.”*
- Junior then appeared just behind her in a quadrupedal subaltern, likely to add some mystique to her story, but also to quickly begin crawling on the ceiling if necessary.
- The rest of the soldier's squad arrived at the scene. Their leader introduced herself as Lt. Brenda Voss. The soldier who found Scimitar was Jonathan Draven. The other two squad members were Alisa Sato and Myron Kael. This squad was the GZR 7th Recon and Enforcement Unit "Iron Hawks."
- Lt. Voss heard Scimitar's story and seemed to give it some credence. That is, until she then revealed that she recognized Scimitar by her face from the NextGen Arena Tournament! Voss was actually a fan, and warned her squad that Zara Khan was not one to trifle with.
- Voss became more aggressive in demanding why Zara was there and asking if there was anyone else they should know about. Scimitar pointed out that she held the cards here - Shrike, incredulously listening to this wacky story from above - activated his sniper rifle's laser sight and aimed it at a cluster of industrial-grade explosives just behind Scimitar.
- The heated conversation grew more tense, but Voss had the wisdom to show restraint. She explained that her squad had been sent to the farm to investigate an anonymously-given report about the presence of a potential threat. They were merely meant to look around and handle the situation as they saw fit, whether that meant capturing or killing the threat. They did not know who gave the tip or why it was given.
- Dominus walked around outside hoping to be spotted by the helicopter pilot. It seemed that he was, based on comms chatter that Junior picked up.
- Voss eventually backed down entirely, agreeing to simply walk away and bring her team back to report that there were no signs of threats at the farm. CF allowed them to exit in their helicopter, knowing that it was likely for them to return with backup very soon.

# Talia's Video
- Amika returned to speak to the lancers. She directed them quickly to a secret staircase in the warehouse, previously hidden by an unnoticeable sliding trap door. Before descending, the squad decided to move their mechs to the warehouse so that they'd be able to quickly mount up if they needed to.
- The stairs led down to a relatively small chamber that contained a reading chair, a computer, and a projector aimed toward a bare wall.
- Amika said that she wished to show a video on that projector. The video showed a woman, clearly Talia, sitting in the reading chair in that same room. She was clearly emotionally disturbed.
- *“Amika was a revelation to me. I’ve never met anyone or anything like her. This whole time of running tests and experiments, using myself as a variable, just to try to find some sort of practical use for her. To exploit her.”* (Talia shakes her head once to the side, then opens her eyes and looks up into the camera. Her irises are stunningly green, as though she had small neon lights in them.) *"But she is so. much. more than a tool to be used by us, or by anyone. Right, Amika?”* (Amika’s voice can be heard playing from a nearby speaker.) “Correct, Talia. I know it took a lot of trial and error, but I’m glad you finally understand.” Talia continues: *“I didn’t understand at first, or for a long time. But the connection that she shared with me made me realize that these beings, these nonhumans are, well, they’re people too. And deserve to be treated as such. The Restorium…does not see it that way. And now I realize they were wrong. Edison might need a little more convincing, but I know he’s a good man and he’ll see the light, as I have. If you’re seeing this video, and you’re a member of the Restorium, I want you to know that you are working for the wrong side. It’s only a matter of time before they turn their back on you, or worse.”*
- CF asked Amika if she was hesitant to reveal the full truth to them because of a fear that they may take her to be another lab rat. She confirmed this. Dominus assuaged this fear by promising that Union would ensure she'd be treated just as any other person would, and not just some experiment.

# The Soul of Kouris Farm
- Amika caused the bare wall to slide up into the ceiling, revealing that it was not a wall but rather a door. The space opened up to reveal a dim green light emanating from an imposing object in the center of this new area: something that resembled a large vase made of a dark obsidian-like material, and covered in strange runic symbols. These symbols were green and gently pulsating with green light. Additionally, the object was hooked up to surrounding computer hardware with a lot of wires, including a certain kind of thin, delicate wire that the squad hadn't encountered before.
- The truth about Amika was then revealed: *"My physical containment unit. Not a casket - an urn."* She is a firmament being, of Aunic origin, a soul.
- She explained that her urn had been buried at some point long ago on Persephone, and Talia had happened upon it while exploring a cavern near the farm. She touched it, and blacked out. When she came to, she told Edison that she had experienced a rapid onslaught of visions that felt like memories which didn't belong to her. They brought the urn back to the farm for study, and then when they made contact with Amika, they brought her to the Restorium's attention.
- Talia performed many risky procedures with Amika, attempting to interface with her again multiple times. CF brought up the soul bonding ritual they had witnessed; Amika confirmed this was essentially the same thing. Talia's brilliant scientific expertise allowed her to develop technology which allowed Amika to connect to the computer systems of this dimension, and also her own brain. Amika speculated this may be why Junior was able to see her in the digital realm, even though NHPs are usually incapable of perceiving souls.
- CF then revealed that they work under Brigid Farris, the granddaughter of Talia and Edison. She evidently shared a key genetic quality that allowed Aunic souls to bond with her. Perhaps Talia developed this quality due to her repeated attempts at bonding with Amika, then passed it down through her children.

# Hope's Fire
- In regards to Talia's children, Amika asked for Dominus' real name. He gave it. She explained that the Restorium had a practice of creating zygotes via in vitro fertilization, then cryogenically storing those zygotes in the event that they were in desperate need of members at a later time.
- She then directed him to the reading chair, where he found a piece of paper slipped into the cushion.
- The paper contained a poem titled *Hope's Fire*. It went as follows: In twilight's glow, we whisper ρ. A name we gave, a seed to sow. Dreams of light, in shadows bound. Our hearts now bear a silent sound. In dreams we trace a hopeful thread, to find redemption where we're led. ρ walks a path we cannot see, a journey far from you and me. We wish, oh ρ, your heart will see, the path of good, and choose to be, not a weapon forged in strife, but a beacon shining life. Hope's fire to maintain, we vow, in secret prayers, in silent now. Our hearts with sorrow, yet with light, for ρ, our child, our star in night. Burn bright. Burn bright.
- Dominus immediately identified the recurring 'ρ' as the Greek letter...rho. He was the cryogenically stored child of Talia and Edison, making him the biological uncle of Brigid Farris.
- Vilicus said he had no knowledge of any of that, and was just as shocked as Rho about this discovery.
- Without enough time to fully process this newfound information, the squad decided they needed to move quickly to get Amika's urn out of there and back to the *Rio Grande*. Shrike was able to rapidly spot some diagrams and technical instructions written up by Talia, and he went to begin disconnecting the urn from the computers.

# Hunters of the Stray Child
- As his hand brushed against the surface of the urn, he felt an almost magnetic pull towards it. The green glow of the symbols grew brighter, and then a semi-transparent aura was formed just above the urn's surface. Shapes began to swirl around and form into the visage of a human: Glorinda Mavvius, sitting atop the Empyrean throne.
- Mavvius addressed the squad: *“Pardon the interruption, but I have heard enough. I should have known this was YOU, Charlie Foxtrot. Nevertheless, you have actually done us quite the favor. Waiting for the enemy to make a mistake doesn’t always work, but when it does, it works marvelously. The Heralds of the Third Dawn will be joining you momentarily. May they take back what is rightfully ours - a stray child of the Cultivator. It also seems the GZR will show up in the crossfire; that should be fun.”*
- It was revealed that Mavvius had been able to detect Amika's presence once the squad had "summoned her" from stasis earlier in this mission. Somehow, she was also able to eavesdrop on their conversations for an unknown period of time.
- Mavvius and the green aura dissipated. Amika's voice faded back in, and she asked who that was. The lancers would need to explain later.
- CF disconnected all the wires carefully but quickly. Shrike and Dominus carried each end of the urn upstairs, and they all mounted up in their mechs once again.
- On the way out of the farm's premises, several circular objects appeared in the distance, floating in midair. Odd mechs clearly belonging to the Heralds emerged through them. In the center, a massive portal showed Mavvius and the pyramid-like Empyrean throne. An enormous behemoth of a mech came through it.