# Downtime: Sunmist Vale
- With the *Rio Grande* being required to remain in the Phoros system in the aftermath of Mission Quiet Harvest, Charlie Foxtrot enjoyed some downtime during the season Sunmist Vale Fair in Hestia, the capital city of the Demetrian Alliance.

- **Dominus: Heal Burden.** After bringing up the fact that he and Cpt. Farris are related by blood in the mission debriefing, Rho sought to have a conversation with her about how she felt, in hopes that it might help him continue working through his childhood trauma that had been racking his conscience for a while. Farris seemed to be quite stoic in the face of this new reveal, with it not having the same magnitude of effect it may have had, had she not experienced being forcibly flash cloned already. (Speaking of her clone, she wondered if she should be informed of her true heritage.) She chose to look on the bright side of the new knowledge regarding Dominus - she is glad he is part of the *Rio Grande*'s crew, and all of them have essentially been her family, anyway. She won't be treating Rho any differently, nor does she desire him to treat her differently. He was glad to hear these perspectives, but on the inside, he was still kind of reeling from the end of the previous mission.

- **Scimitar: Org maintenance.** Putting on her best (forced) smiling happy face, Zara got in front of the camera and recorded a video message which she then broadcast to the Colosseum Coalition via the omninet. In it, she encouraged them all to continue the good work that they have done thus far, and it was quite an effective message. The bolstered morale of the organization led to the acquiring of a residential space on Rainier Station; it will now be used as a transitory living space for refugees and other displaced citizens in the Orion Arm as they await assistance from Union to get new, permanent homes.

- **Shrike: Org maintenance.** Shrike issued orders to Raptors' Nest to improve their operational influence and efficiency. They did exactly that.

- **Dominus: Org maintenance.** Rho ordered the Peerless to cast a wider net out on the omninet in efforts to pick up more mercenary contracts. This has led to positive results, and the organization grew to have extremely good overall efficiency and influence. 

- **Junior: Org maintenance.** Junior remotely ran some diagnostics as a form of business analysis for the Subartenders, tightening any loose screws and improving efficiency across the board.

- **Scimitar: Get a Damn Drink.** Zara reached out to the heads of Hestia's Sunmist Vale Fair and successfully managed to arrange **The Great Sunmist Vale Bake Off, Presented by Scimitar and the Colosseum Coalition.** Acting as one of the judges, she demonstrated the willingness to respect the local culture that would suit the best representatives of Union. The Great Sunmist Vale Bake Off, Presented by Scimitar and the Colosseum Coalition was a phenomenal success, as Scimitar was able to overhear several people in the crowd exclaiming how neat this was and how they wished they would do this at every fair. As a result, she has opened the door for future opportunities here on Demeter with an enhanced reputation. She was also given a "3rd Eye Elixir" from one of the vendors as a thank-you gift.

- **Dominus: Scrounge and Barter.** Rho knew that he still needed to make good on his promise to Magenta Red, which was to acquire a ship exclusively for her to command with a portion of the Peerless as its crew. He sent out another order to the Peerless, and they began looking for opportunities to get a new ship. Dale Ramcock checked in with Lyran Stavros, captain of the *Dynast's Embrace* and who CF had assisted back in their first stint on Havelburg. It turned out that Stavros was taking an extended break from his job and was willing to sell the ship. There was a bit of a risk to it, as the ship was technically still property of the company, but he was able to pull some strings with some of his distant relatives who were Karrakin nobility. Everything was squared away, and the Peerless gained the ship. When Rho presented it to Magenta, she got permission to rename it, and decided to call it the *Dusty Embrace* as a subtle reference to her time on Havelburg while also honoring the ship's legacy. *"Could it be perceived as an innuendo? I don't know, you tell me."*

- **Junior: Gather Information.** Junior utilized his network of Subartenders to scour the local omninet of Rainier Station, seeking any and all information he could find about the station's layout. This was a success, and he now has what is essentially the most thorough and accurate map of the station that one can (unofficially) have. Who knows how this might come in handy in the future?

- **Scimitar: Gather Information.** Knowing that the Phorosian Council meeting was coming up, Zara decided to do some digging into who the members of the council really were. She learned their names and positions. **Chloe Tyrell** (she/her) - Union ambassador to the GZR. **Jasper Breton** (he/him) -  Union ambassador to the Demetrian Alliance. **Jocelyn Belmont** (she/her) - GZR representative. And **Galen Malik** (he/him) - Demetrian Alliance representative. Zara learned that Jocelyn used to serve in the Phorosian Dominion's government during the civil war. Her actions were presumably not of major influence or consequence, but it is still part of her past that she prefers to sweep under the rug, knowing that if it became the center of attention, it would make her look extremely bad as the representative of a body that is publicly trying for a new image. Zara also learned that Galen used to be a pacifist during the time of the civil war, favoring a stance of peace and subservience to the Phorosian Dominion as opposed to the rebellion. He is the representative of the Demetrian Alliance nowadays thanks to his history of governmental service and generally pro-union (lowercase u, as in "union with Persephone"). Basically, one could sum up his former politics as "we should allow Persephone to be on top of our system hierarchy because that is the greater good as opposed to fighting them and costing more lives."

- **Dominus: Help Port Conroy.** Rho reached out to Zara for a joint operation between the Peerless and the Colosseum Coalition, to be undertaken in Port Conroy. Knowing that Magenta's "death" was undoubtedly causing a power vacuum in the city, they both shared concern for the well being of the citizens and wanted to do something about it, especially considering Magenta's removal was literally Rho's idea in the first place. Zara expressed a strong desire for new leadership to arise organically in the local area, rather than CF using direct influence to appoint new leadership by force. She was also very interested in getting the Port Conroy Garfield's restaurant unionized. The joint operation commenced in due time, but unfortunately it went rather...poorly. Several members of the Peerless became stranded in the city with no safe way to utilize the space port to get away. But they still managed to send word to Dominus and the higher Peerless command, stating that Durst Slaughter was still alive, and had begun reassembling the Dustbranded gang. The gang was once again carrying out minor skirmishes around the outskirts of the city, keeping the now very disorganized Magenta Syndicate remnants busy on multiple fronts. Things are bound to *really* boil over in the near future...

- **Junior: Power at a Cost.** Junior visited the Sunmist Vale Fair in his subaltern form for the simple sake of wanting to experience something new. Unfortunately, he was mistaken by many guests as a mascot-type figure representing the fair itself, and wasn't taken seriously as his own person. This reached a critical point when a group of edgy teenagers decided to have some fun with him, throwing stones at him and pushing him around. Still with the memory of what he had done on Rainier Station, he figured the best way to handle this situation would simply be to take it without showing any resistance. It caused him a good bit of stress. But after this, a kinder bystander gave him an "INSANE-O-STYLE Energy Drink," a rather highly valued product on sale at the fair, in an attempt to make him feel better.

- **Shrike: Scrounge and Barter.** After learning how Junior was bullied by that group of teens at the fair, Dalton strode on over to them and confronted them for messing with his friend. He invoked his background service with the DPLA and threatened the kids to not do shit like that again. They were very shaken and gave him a Mt. Mist Kickstart as something of an attempt at an apology.

- **Scimitar: Partake in Liturgy.** After The Great Sunmist Vale Bake Off, Presented by Scimitar and the Colosseum Coalition, Zara returned to the *Rio Grande* to prepare a delicious calzone at the end of the day and offer it in supplication to Juan. That night, she had another dream in which he came to her. This time, they were located in the vast chamber of Virga's headquarters back from Mission Dustgrave. He had his small food stand and invited her to sit at the picnic table with a plate of spaghetti. She asked him what he could tell her about the "Chaos Snake" that the Messenger referred to at the end of the prior mission. Juan expressed sadness that she had even been made aware of that entity at all, and explained that it was a very real threat despite the majority of the Heralds being no more than pawns in a larger game. Rather than explicitly tell her what the Chaos Snake was, he gave her a demonstration. He snapped his fingers and turned the plate of spaghetti into a wonderful pasta cake. *"This is what I seek to make of humanity and this dimension."* He snapped his fingers again, saying, *"And this is what the Chaos Snake seeks to achieve."* The pasta cake reverted to a plate of spaghetti, and then the noodles themselves seemed to come alive. They writhed around every which way, some entangling themselves together, some pulling themselves apart, all giving a microcosmic view of utter chaos right there on the table. Juan stopped it from progressing further than it needed to, and encouraged Zara to remain on her path, for it would inevitably lead to a righteous ending. Before the dream ended, she also asked him what would be done with the pen she had received a while back. Juan simply said that she should always hold onto it no matter what, because one day, it *will* be needed.

- **Shrike: Buy Some Time.** Shrike reached out to Sterling Lockley and told him about the perilous situation the Peerless and Colosseum Coalition have found themselves in back at Port Conroy and instructed him to get the situation under control so that they could evacuate, ideally. Things went okay, with members of Raptors' Nest taking out many remnant Syndicate soldiers and new Dustbranded who were getting boldly close to the city's limits. However, word on the street is that Durst Slaughter is planning to move in for another all-out assault before he loses any more gangsters. Everyone allied to CF in this city will be fine for now, but you - and/or others in the squad - will need to act accordingly during the next downtime session in order to secure their safety for good.

# The Phorosian Council
- The day of the Phorosian Council meeting arrived. Farris and Kim shuttled to the *Norman* and occasionally sent CF some messages in a private group chat.
- After a few hours, Kim informed the squad that Jocelyn Belmont had questioned the presence of Scimitar at the Farm. She showed a video of Zara at the **The Great Sunmist Vale Bake Off, Presented by Scimitar and the Colosseum Coalition.** Jocelyn had requested Zara be brought into the meeting room for questioning. Kim asked if Scimitar would show up willingly, and she agreed. She did not see any way that Jocelyn could connect her to the *Rio Grande* beyond the coincidental timing.
- Scimitar, with Dominus and Shrike in tow, shuttled to the *Norman* and went to the meeting. Her squadmates hung back out of sight, but were still able to overhear the proceedings.
- As soon as she entered the meeting room, Zara could tell that Jocelyn did not know who she was in regards to her fame in the NextGen Arena Tournament. However, Galen Malik's face lit up, betraying the fact that he is a fan!
- Scimitar took her seat at the table. She explained the same story she had given to the Iron Hawks. She said there were other people at the Farm who kept her company, but she did not remember their names. But "Rev. Dale Dixon" was the vagrant. They just kind of ran into each other while they were there.
- Jocelyn asked about the sniper laser, and Scimitar said this was just an automated trap. The subaltern (Junior in reality) was just an "assistant drone."
- Jocelyn then called in Brenda Voss, the leader of the Iron Hawks. With all these people in the room, Scimitar was able to use her silver tongue and power of persuasion to influence Brenda, making her seem to remember false details about their encounter.
- Jocelyn had to reach for something else she may be able to ding Scimitar on. *"So...no one else in Union will recognize you as one of their own if we were to ask about you?"* This prompted Scimitar to make up a story about the *Rio Grande* not knowing about her presence, but being able to covertly use the ship for transportation. She "apologized" for the secrecy to Farris and Kim, who were seemingly allowing her to weave this tall tale.
- Scimitar said she never intended to cause any disruption to the ongoing relations between Demeter and Persephone during her "chef's pilgrimage" and offered to help the GZR smooth things over in some way, such as doing a favor for them that they might request of her.
- When asked about the wreckages of the strange mechs, she said that after the Iron Hawks left, two entirely unrelated factions showed up and fought each other, so she just got the hell out. She's good in a fist fight, but not in warfare!
- Though it was pretty clear that Jocelyn was not fully buying Scimitar's stories, she seemed to have no way to disprove any of them. She allowed Scimitar to be dismissed from the meeting.
- Farris and Kim later confirmed that everything seemed to go well after that point, and the cover story was still intact as of the meeting's conclusion.

# A Mysterious Attack
- A few days later, the *Rio Grande* had received clearance to return to Rainier Station. However, on the expected return date, Rio and Cpt. Farris called CF into the conference room for an emergency.
- Rio showed video footage of a small skyscraper-style building in Hestia being struck by a huge, mech-scale projectile, which caused the structure to totally collapse. Another video showed the event from a different angle, from which the viewer could see a distant sniper class mech standing across the river firing the shot. The mech was clearly decorated in the colors of the GZR. After firing, the mech turned around and walked into the forest.
- The collapse caused dozens of deaths, and hundreds of injuries.
- The clips had been circulating around the Demetrian news media, with many people accusing the GZR of being responsible. However, the GZR have done nothing but deny that this was their doing.
- The squad discussed theories as to who was actually responsible. Scimitar theorized the GZR may have been able to reverse-engineer one of the Heralds' mechs from the wreckage of the Kouris Farm via weird Aun portal tech.
- Shrike said this whole thing was foolish to do with a GZR-painted mech. Scimitar said maybe they're just very confident with the backing of some new allies...
- She then explained her actual theory: there was something "alive" in the Heralds' mechs, maybe a Soul or just a pilot, and they made contact with the GZR. If the GZR is hesitant about joining Union, they would probably only upset the balance with the help of someone more powerful. "Why be a stooge for Union? We can give you power that Union can't even handle. You can use it to carry out a strike against Demeter." And so forth.
- Scimitar also pointed out that this seemed to be a nearly identical replay of the Solstice Rain situation, and therefore the Aun's influence could not be ruled out.
- Shrike suggested that this could even be the work of SSC. Farris seemed to think that wasn't a bad guess, as it seems like something they'd do.
- Farris recommended CF go to Hestia and investigate on the ground with their mechs not far behind them. She then rather optimistically named this abrupt new mission Bountiful Concord, as they will have to not only resolve this situation, but avoid causing tensions to boil over too high between the GZR, Demetrian Alliance, and Union.

# Amika's Reawakening
- Before departing for the mission, CF decided to reawaken Amika and connect her urn to the ship's network. Rio walked them through the process, with the urn being located in an unused casket chamber. Dominus flipped the "on" switch and then immediately exited the room so that he wouldn't be seen by a voyeuristic Mavvius.
- When Amika was awake once more, Dominus gave her a recounting of what happened at the Kouris Farm on their way out.
- Amika said that when she concentrated on her connection to the Firmament, she could sense the nearby presence of someone or something. It felt like it was just watching her. The squad deduced this must be Mavvius.
- Amika tried to answer more of their questions, but she unfortunately didn't seem to have any. She still was not aware of what exactly the Empyrean Throne is, or where it came from, for instance.

# Bread Crumbs
- At the site of the attack on the outskirts of Hestia, CF found the spot where the attacking mech had been positioned. From this view, they could see that the building which was destroyed was likely chosen since it was an easy, obvious target and for no other clear reason.
- The only unusual piece of evidence they found was a small shard of glass that appeared to have been intricately created, with strange ridges and patterns.
- They followed the trail of mech-sized footprints into the forest, eventually finding themselves at a park. The trail carefully skirted the edge of the park, presumably to not leave any other pieces of evidence.
- The trail then led them along a river, which led to a lake and a clearing where they found something unusual: a plain-looking assault class mech. It was motionless, as though it had been powered down and abandoned.
- Dominus investigated the interior of the mech and found that its reactor core had been removed. There was no sign of who or what had left it here, or why.
- The trail continued, so the squad pressed on. They found another frame, and then another, and before long it became clear that these strange inactive mechs were forming some kind of bread crumb trail.
- Ellie, in the shuttle above them, flew ahead to do some aerial scouting. She confirmed the sight of something truly odd: a huge pile of scrap, surrounded by smaller piles and wrecks, being attended to by a mech. She warned them to be careful upon approach.
- CF saw this mech and the scrap heap in the distance. It resembled Senior, and also the Factory Strider in various ways. It had a large central chamber with a hatch, two large arms, and it hovered just above the ground.
- Dominus attempted to hack the mech's systems and did so successfully. The mech then simply turned and "stared" them down, doing nothing else. A failed attempt at hailing the pilot over comms led CF to conclude that this was probably some sort of recycling drone. They got quite close and the drone didn't react to them.
- Shrike was able to spot the same sort of intricate glass in a scrap pile, and saw that it belonged to a mirage-class mech. This was likely part of some sort of visual illusion tech.
- The trail unfortunately went cold from here, so Farris instructed the squad to return to Hestia and interview some eyewitnesses to the attack in hopes that that method of investigation may lead them somewhere.
- However, as they turned to leave, they saw an incredibly bizarre mech hovering in the air behind them. It raised an arm and caused a nearby wreck to animate and begin lumbering toward the squad. They were able to easily dispatch it, but the new mech vanished into thin air.
- CF asked Amika if she could detect anything strange in the Firmament. At first she couldn't, but then she said she actually did hear something from her observer: *"It's not one of ours...but it's willing to help."*

# Play, Fight, Win, Feed
- Cpt. Farris and Rio had gotten a brief visual feed of the bizarre mech, and did not know what to make of it. Typically, mechs that can teleport or vanish into thin air cannot do so indefinitely.
- Farris instructed CF to remain in the AO and rather than return to Hestia, attempt to bait out that mech again. It needed to be treated as the new priority.
- Dominus, realizing he had hacked the recycling drone prior to the mech’s first appearance, decided to do so again in hopes that it might work a second time.

# Scrapyard Brawl
- This time, the mech did not reappear. Its voice came through comms, saying *“Play the game, fight the enemy, win. Feed the fire. Truth waits in the chaos. Amidst the ashes, lies the essence of provocation, but for whom? The narrative pulse must be comprehended. You seek answers? First play the game. Then fight the enemy. Finally, win.”*
- It pinged a point on CF’s map, instructing them to return to the side of the scrapyard where they had initially entered. Once they did so, they saw a group of HORUS mechs approach at the opposite side
- CF reached out to one of the pilots, named James. He sounded as though his squad was following the orders of the mech as well.
- After Junior shared his life story with James, the mech’s voice announced that the game would begin. It conjured holographic zones and data construct cubes, and sent rules for the “sitrep” to all players.
- CF instead focused on destroying the HORUS mechs, giving them no need to worry about getting the constructs back to their stockpile. In the end, all of their opponents were defeated.
- The mech's voice came through the squad's comms once again: *"Well done. The game played, the enemy defeated. The fire fed. Now...finish the job."*

# Cleaning Up the Heralds
- CF presumed that the strange voice wanted them to execute the Heralds, who were now surrendering and unaware of this demand. CF determined that this would not be a course of action they would pursue.
- Junior observed that James worked as a janitor prior to becoming a Herald pilot, and he shared that intel with the squad. Dominus dismounted Zeus and approached James while cracking both his knuckles and some janitorial puns. This got James pretty shaken up.
- James explained that he did not know exactly what the strange mech is or who it belongs to, but only that the Messenger wanted him to follow its instructions and report back.
- Through James' frequent referrals to the Messenger and their wisdom, Junior deduced that he was similar to DM28 in his desire to be part of something greater. While still in direct control of Senior, he gave a philosophical lecture to James while also having a big ol' Annihilator Cannon aimed directly at him. Needless to say this had quite an effect on him.
- Scimitar messaged DM28 to arrange a pickup of James and the other Heralds in this squadron so that they could join the Colosseum Coalition later. James accepted this proposal (albeit not with all the details given just yet).
- CF instructed the Heralds to wait in the area for pickup later, but one of them shouted, "Fuck this!" and took off in a sprint, retreating to wherever they had originally come from. CF did not pursue this pilot.
- After performing light repairs, the strange voice returned with the following message: *"Disappointing. The battle won, but the duty undone. Still, victory achieved in mass destruction is satisfactory. I shall provide an explanation… In the tapestry of time, I am a thread unseen, weaving tales of chaos and order. I have observed the spark of conflict, the glow of victory, the ember of defeat. I am **Astraeus**, the architect of the game. You - mere players on my grand stage - dance to my tune. In strife, I find purpose. Your battles feed my essence; your victories and losses fuel my existence. In the echoes of destroyed mechs, in the whispers of forgotten heroes, my name is etched. I am the memoria, the harbinger of what was and what is yet to be. Play the game, fight the enemy, win, feed the fire, and perhaps you will glimpse my truth. The game is far from over. The fire is only beginning to burn.”*
- Astraeus then gave the pilots a new set of coordinates for the next game.
- CF, Rio, and Cpt. Farris speculated on the nature of Astraeus with this new information. The most likely scenario appears to be that they are either a Soul or an NHP who has been around for a long time. Scimitar pointed out that the name Astraeus is that of an old deity from Cradle which fits the ancient Greek naming convention of the Phoros system.

# King of the Hill
- The coordinates led CF to a clearing with a large central hilltop. This next sitrep would be much simpler than the last one - a simple "King of the Hill" scenario. The team with the most players in the central objective zone at the end would win.
- The enemy team was revealed with a series of large green portals opening up at the opposite end of the battlefield. This time, though, instead of HORUS mechs, Void Reaper mechs emerged.
- The leader of this squad, callsign "Shadowhawk," reached out via comms, saying that this was a job for "real mercs." Scimitar rebutted with a simple, "Do you know who you're talking to?" Shadowhawk clearly knew who CF and Scimitar were, and he sounded very excited to face off against this group of lancers.
- Astraeus declared the game to begin, and the fight was on!
- CF leapt into action, quickly dispatching several mechs. Shadowhawk soon joined the fray, piloting an ultra archer-class frame.
- As more Void Reapers fell, Shadowhawk was cornered. Dominus hacked the archer's reactor into becoming exposed, opening up the opportunity for massive damage from Junior and Scimitar.
- With Shadowhawk's mech destroyed, CF was once again declared the victor of the sitrep.
- However, this time, the opposing pilots began to scatter away from the area, clearly not intending to be caught. Dominus dismounted Zeus and began chasing Shadowhawk. In a show of incredible strength, Rho uprooted a pine tree and tossed it so that it blocked Shadowhawk's path!
- Shadowhawk, now cornered, tried to fend off Rho with an assault rifle as he barreled straight toward him. It was no use, and Rho pinned him to the ground with a tackle.

# Making a Deal with the Reaper
- Recognizing that he was severely outmatched, Shadowhawk surrendered his weapons and did not try to run away again. He was extremely hesitant to share any details with the squad due to the "Void Reapers' guarantee of client confidentiality." But he acknowledged that it was beyond obvious the Aunic Chosen had sent them here.
- Meanwhile, Junior (in Senior) caught up to another Void Reaper (currently known only as Anderson) and toyed around with her in a show of cat-like intimidation. She was greatly distressed by the horrifying mech.
- Dominus made it clear that CF was with Union, and this unit of VRs was committing a crime by engaging with them in active combat. Shadowhawk countered this by pointing out: a) both squads voluntarily engaged in the sitrep established by Astraeus, b) Union started firing at them first, and c) the VRs were simply there under orders from a paying client. Mercenarial work is clearly not outright forbidden in Union space - hence the prevalence of the Mirrorsmoke Mercenary Company (MSMC). Additionally, the shots that Shadowhawk fired at Rho during his escape attempt were done in self-defense after having a literal tree thrown at him. *"What crime have we committed by being here? Please explain."*
- Astraeus spoke to the members of CF who were still in their mechs, again instructing them to "finish the job."
- Junior eventually allowed Anderson to scurry back to her squad leader, clearly in shambles and begging him to acquiesce to CF's demands so that she wouldn't have to deal with Senior anymore. Shadowhawk made the observation that the lancers were piloting some very unusual and experimental frames, and wondered how they were able to acquire them. *"Are you all...UIB?"* (Union Intelligence Bureau). Scimitar played along with this, implying that they indeed were. This had a clear influence on Shadowhawk.
- Despite the progress made to get him to talk, Shadowhawk was still untrusting. He requested a more private, safe, and secure place to undergo an interrogation so he could be sure of his well being.
- Dominus took advantage of his swaying disposition and offered him a deal. He would be allowed to undergo interrogation on the *Rio Grande*, but Rho would reserve the right to call in a favor owed from him at some point. Shadowhawk accepted this deal with a handshake.
- He and Anderson boarded the shuttle and were flown to the *Rio Grande* to await questioning. In the meantime, Cpt. Farris instructed CF to stand by for further developments or orders to come in.

# A Lull in the Action
- While they waited on the ground, the squad performed light repairs. Astraeus' voice returned to inform them that they failed to finish the job a second time. They give second chances, but not third chances. CF then saw Astraeus' mech rapidly appearing and disappearing from view, hovering over the remains of the VRs' mechs. It was unclear what exactly they were doing. Then, just as quickly as they showed up, they were gone again.
- Scimitar closely observed this behavior while it was occurring, and in conjunction with Junior whispering to her about a dream he recently had, she came to the realization that Astraeus gains power from, or is at least interested in, beings who have been killed, destroyed, and defeated. It reminded her of how various cultures and civilizations throughout history revere those who die in battle and immortalize their memory in legend.
- CF continued to speculate about the true nature of Astraeus with Rio. She brought up the fact that if Astraeus really is an NHP, they are likely deep in cascade and no longer shackled. Their bizarre paracausal abilities are likely a result of this, and these abilities would not have been observed during the time of the Phorosian civil war.
- She also let them know that the Demetrian Alliance has no record of this NHP. Therefore it only makes sense to check with the GZR. They are bound to not be particularly forthcoming with this sort of intel, but there doesn't seem to be any other choice. Rio and 1st Lt. Kim will coordinate with Galen Malik to reach out to Jocelyn Belmont for further discussion.
- The squad then made some more attempts to provoke Astraeus in efforts to get anything out of them that they could. First, Dominus completely destroyed the recycling drone back at the scrapyard. Astraeus said, *"There is no honor in the destruction of the innocent."* Scimitar used her lich to self-destruct, killing the mech and herself briefly and then returning as if nothing happened. Astraeus just said, *"Why? Pathetic."*
- After a few more quiet hours passed, Cpt. Farris gave CF approval to return to the *Rio Grande* for full repairs and questioning Shadowhawk.
- Rho served as the main interrogator while the rest of the squad observed. He first asked Shadowhawk how exactly the Chosen are able to teleport other mechs. Shadowhawk explained it is essentially just the Chosen opening portals that are large and numerous enough to let mechs walk right through. If they are technically passing through the Firmament, it doesn't feel that way. It feels as though they simply walk through a doorway and end up in another place. Of course, the Empyrean Throne is required for the Chosen to conjure these sorts of portals.
- Dominus then asked if the VRs had to go to a particular place to meet the Chosen and get teleported. Shadowhawk said this was true, but he did not want to outright say where exactly they had to go - he was still banking on having a career with the VRs after this was over, and didn't want to piss off his employers by violating confidentiality *too* much.
- He then said, *"On an unrelated note, I hear Suldan is lovely this time of year."*
- Dominus pressed him on this point, asking to know where exactly on Suldan they should go. Shadowhawk didn't want to answer this, but did give up the knowledge that their old Void Reaper friend Oz Burcham used to work for ArcLight Transcolonial - a powerful corporation that effectively controls the planet. Apparently, Oz was able to make arrangements for the VRs to access Suldan. Therefore, CF should talk to him in order to do the same, without invoking the ire of ArcLight.
- Shadowhawk also politely requested a lift back to Rainier Station, and for his squadmates who retreated on the ground to be spared if CF encountered them in the field again. Dominus agreed to both, assuming his squadmates would not shoot first.

# The Truth of Astraeus
- After CF performed full repairs, a meeting was called in the briefing room to discuss the direction of the mission from this point. Rio explained that while she was unable to get any more information regarding Astraeus, she was able to get the GZR to agree to collaborate on this matter. In fact, Jocelyn Belmont was there to join the call.
- Jocelyn wished to explain all the following details to CF and their officers firsthand. *"As you may have already deduced, this Astraeus was - is - an NHP who dates back to the civil war. They were what we called a tactician-organizer class NHP. The short version is that their primary responsibilities were planning and orchestrating unit movements, precision strikes, and so forth. Also constantly monitoring the overall status of the Phorosian Dominion’s hold on Demeter, and responding in kind whenever a threat was identified, or even when the window for a potential threat was identified. The Demetrian army’s guerrilla tactics were effective, and that meant my old government needed to rely on NHPs like Astraeus in order to stand a chance at winning the war. Of course, Union appeared not long after that, and the rest is history."*
- *"Astraeus, like the rest of the Dominion’s military NHPs, was believed to have been destroyed at the end of the war. Not necessarily by Union or Demeter, but rather by the Dominion troops who were ordered to destroy anything…incriminating. It seems as though Astraeus’ casket somehow managed to slip past their attention."*
- She then spoke of how Astraeus seemingly went a very long time without being active, but was just recently reawakened. *“I do not know for certain. But, given what I know about the nature of NHPs, I can only assume it has something to do with the circumstances surrounding Demeter at the time. Specifically Hestia, of course. The attacker who destroyed that building reignited the anger that many Demetrians have felt toward Persephone. Perhaps the NHP somehow detected this resurgence in the desire for conflict?”*
- This led Rio to believe that Astraeus, in their unshackled and cascading form, is essentially trying to continue doing what they did for the Dominion, except to an illogical extreme.
- Jocelyn believes that CF's actions near the end of their recent sortie on Demeter were unsuccessful in their bids to regain Astraeus' attention for one simple reason. *"It seems you were on the right track, but destruction is not the only thing Astraeus is interested in. The missing ingredient was CONFLICT. There needs to be a fight involved. A fight, a battle, or even a war.”*

# Setting the Trap
- The military commanders of the GZR formulated a plan which Jocelyn wished to propose to the group. Apparently the GZR wishes to get the situation under control at least partially due to the criticism they are taking from Demetrians in the aftermath of the Hestia attack. *“I will recount it to you now. We know that your Charlie Foxtrot squadron parted from Astraeus on less-than-friendly terms. For that reason (and because of the nature of such an advanced, cascading NHP), it means that they will not be easy to fool. Therefore, we propose staging a battle that seems realistic enough for Astraeus to believe it is real. It is simple enough for us to provide you with remotely-piloted mechs for you to shoot at, but to trick Astraeus, the stakes need to be seemingly higher. We have four mech pilots on standby who have agreed to play a role in this. Our plan suggests dropping our unit of mechs onto Demeter, somewhere far away enough from civilians but again, not so far away that the ruse will be obvious. They will be fighting, of course, none other than Charlie Foxtrot; since we do not wish to force the Demetrian Alliance to expend any resources on something which is not their fault. We are naturally counting on Union to act proactively along with us, but do let me know if this is not something you wish to partake in. The squads will trade blows, but not aim to kill any pilots. Still, punches should not be pulled from either side. Just, please try to minimize damage done to the pilots who will be physically present on the battlefield.“*
- CF agreed that this plan seemed sound and they were up to the task.
- Jocelyn also requested that when Astraeus' true location was found, the GZR squadron would take charge in the cleanup and decommissioning of the casket. CF said they would like to be part of the process to oversee it as well, just to make sure everything went over smoothly. Jocelyn looked slightly off camera and nodded at someone in the room with her, then said that would be fine. The GZR is just happy to know that Union is willing to help in this plan.
- The squad expressed some concerns about outright killing Astraeus. Rio emphasized that there would indeed be no other way this ends outside of destroying their casket - their paracausal abilities prove that they are simply too far into cascade to have any hopes of coming back.
- Lastly, Jocelyn asked CF to continue looking into the true identity of the terrorist who may have caused Astraeus to wake up in the first place. It would go a long way toward restoring the positive relationship between Demeter and Persephone.
- After Jocelyn was disconnected from the call, Farris and Kim both expressed surprise that the GZR is *this* eager to help deal with Astraeus. CF thought that they seemed to be almost *too* eager, and wondered if they may have agreed to walk into a GZR trap. Kim said to treat the remainder of this mission as they did with the Talons back in Mission Dustgrave: accept the help of these newfound allies, but keep a close eye on them. And as always, they would have the authority to act accordingly with their own judgment.
- The lancers deployed at an intersection outside Hestia, a bit farther away from the city limits than the sniper had been. They were met by the unit of GZR mechs, as planned.
- CF would need to convincingly fight these opponents while being careful not to deal too much damage to the units piloted by physically present pilots.
- CF acted accordingly, taking a lot of damage and attacking the remotely-operated units enough to draw out Astraeus. Their voice appeared over comms, and they once again asked the squad to finish the job.
- This time, however, Jocelyn's team of technicians were able to initiate some kind of e-warfare against Astraeus' mech, which was now blinking in and out of existence rapidly around the battlefield. Astraeus could tell something weird was happening to them, and tried to blink out of view again. But they were pulled back to reality and forced to flee in full view of everyone.
- Rio would be able to track the mech via a satellite and CF could first rest and tune up their mechs before engaging in the chase. But they instead chose to immediately embark on the hunt!

# In Memoriam
- Astraeus was retreating to some location deeper in the remote wilderness of the forest. As CF gave chase, they began seeing something strange: the vague image of a paved road appearing out of thin air along the path that Astraeus was heading. Many nearby trees and bushes also began gradually disappearing from sight. The environment surrounding them was changing within minutes.
- Eventually, they saw Astraeus pass into what appeared to be a militaristic compound surrounded by a perimeter wall. Behind them, they observed that the GZR squad which had been tailing them was no longer visible, and a fog had appeared all around the area. It was clear that Astraeus was somehow influencing their surroundings.
- Over comms, Jocelyn attempted to communicate to the pilots, but static made it difficult to understand her. *"You’re probably seeing...conjured by Astrae-...ping the beac-...bring back real-..."*
- CF also observed an idle tank positioned on the road behind them. It didn't look too different from the MBT in their faux-fight earlier. It was also painted in the colors of the Phorosian Dominion, as Shrike recognized. Attempts to investigate the tank proved futile, as it was revealed to be something like a ghost - Charon's hand passed through it as if it weren't really there.
- Unexpectedly, a person popped open the hatch on top of the tank and exited the vehicle. They were dressed in no recognizable uniform, but were clearly some sort of guerrilla fighter with a helmet and visor obscuring their face. They cleaned a bloody knife with their sleeve, then sheathed it. They then climbed down from the tank and began slowly walking towards CF's mechs, pausing at various points as if noticing something strange. The person then spoke through an earpiece, revealing herself to be female: *"Need to head back in; got a feeling I missed something. Stand by, this won't take long."*
- She walked right through Rho and headed towards the compound, now with her sidearm pistol at the ready. CF followed and watched as she entered the central bunker-type building. She never responded to any attempts at communication from the lancers, leading them to speculate that everything they were seeing, including that woman, was part of a past scene conjured forth by Astraeus.
- Astraeus' voice rang out in the air surrounding the pilots. Astraeus was seemingly listing achievements that the squad had accomplished over the course of their careers. *"Destroying a mad scientist who tried to create a god. Freeing a colony from the oppression of pirates and their puppet masters. Restoring operation to an entire blink station."* They capped it off with: *"You carry out the will of RA."*
- Suddenly, Astraeus' mech reappeared, rising from behind the bunker. It was now three times its previous size and glowing orange all around. They raised a hand and caused the central bunker to disappear, and said they wished to see if CF could still surprise and impress them. It was time to fight!
- CF noticed some strange beacons dotted around the area, and that some of the enemy mechs conjured by Astraeus were also glowing orange. These mechs had to be destroyed in order for Astraeus' mech, a bizarre "memoria," to be affected by any of their weapons and systems.
- The battle began in a rather concerning way for the lancers, as Scimitar's lich took massive damage from an operator right off the bat, leaving it stunned and already near death.
- Fortunately, the squad's luck began to turn around the more they were able to destroy Astraeus' linked enemies. Astraeus' mech itself was soon destroyed, and all the beacons were scanned.
- These actions seemed to bring reality back, as the fog lifted and the forest's vegetation returned. There was rubble where the compound's buildings had been, and in the spot where the central bunker used to lay, there was a staircase leading down into a subterranean chamber.
- The lancers' mechs had taken a real beating, so before proceeding, they performed light repairs as the GZR squad finally reappeared and caught up with them.
- Astraeus spoke to them once again: *"Your strength…extraordinary. The mark of a true squad of lancers."*

# Astraeus' Dominion
- The GZR squad's leader, Ivan Robertson (who piloted an elite ace in the faux fight), asked CF if they would prefer to enter themselves and clear the way first, or if they wanted him there for backup. They chose the latter.
- The squad dismounted from their mechs and moved down the stairs into the subterranean bunker. Down there, it was an old, abandoned series of offices and computers. There was a faint blue glow emanating from a room down an otherwise pitch dark hallway, clearly indicating Astraeus' casket chamber.
- Astraeus spoke to CF, with their voice echoing through the air rather than coming through comms systems. They asked if CF was there to destroy them. CF responded, essentially, in the affirmative.
- CF proceeded to the casket chamber and entered...only to then find themselves in an entirely new place.

# The Titan
- The lancers found themselves in a room with a window revealing an exterior environment of a bare, rocky planet. Two dozen people dressed in a black and yellow uniforms, all in their early twenties, stood in ranks facing the front of the room. Dominus was one of these people.
- Scimitar, Junior, and Shrike seemed to be observers who could not interact with anything or anyone in the vision. This was clearly another memory conjured by Astraeus.
- Rho possessed the same memories and knowledge he had accrued since this memory, but felt thrust back in time as if he was really there again. Thus, intellect conflicted with emotion.
- A slightly older man entered the room, wearing an eyepatch over his left eye and a sword sheathed at his waist. Rho knew this to be the Nobilis - the leader of the Restorium. He was not genetically enhanced like Rho and the others in his "batch," but was still an imposing figure of authority.
- The Nobilis addressed the room: *"You’re all pathetic. Pitiful. Not as you were intended to be. While you may have the discipline required to contribute to the sanctity of the organization, true greatness can only be achieved by those who are strong enough and motivated enough to reach out and take it. Thus far…I have not seen a single sign of that from ANY OF YOU!"* As he shouted that last part, several people including Rho flinched.
- *“I believe that some of you are lost causes. But not all of you. We shall soon test this belief. None of you are worth sullying the shine of my razor.” He places his right hand on the hilt of his sword. “But as equals to each other, you are more than capable of separating the wheat from the chaff. That’s an old phrase from Cradle, in the old times. It means ‘to prune the weak.’ There will be a series of one-on-one fights in the training pit. Each of you will face off against one other until all have fought. Each fight shall only end when one combatant is utterly incapable of continuing. I am not ordering you to kill your opponent. But if that means you must fight to the death…so be it.“*
- That memory abruptly ended, and another one began. This time, Rho was standing on one side of the training arena, facing his opponent, Sigma, across the floor. There was a climbing tower in the center of the room with a razor at the top. Several of Rho's comrades sat on benches around the arena. Many of them had already fought, and some had died.
- The Nobilis called for the fight to begin. Rho and Sigma immediately went for the tower. Sigma was able to get the upper hand, and grabbed the razor as he stood atop the tower looking down at Rho. Rho had been able to pry off a chunk of the tower's wood to use as a makeshift weapon.
- As Rho looked at his equal whom he had known since birth, he decided to go for another approach. He tried to persuade everyone else in his batch to stand up for themselves against their superior officers. They were all more than strong enough to overthrow them. The Nobilis merely watched his "cadets," but nobody did anything. He merely said that Rho should participate in the fight as intended.
- Rho did not back down from this strategy, and he approached the Nobilis directly while continuing his speech to the room. But when there was a pause, Sigma rushed up behind him and moved to strike with his whip of blades.
- Rho whirled around as quickly as a bolt of lightning and thrust his makeshift weapon across the whip's arc, slowing its momentum enough to deal only minor damage. The wooden chunk was cut in half, and the half that Rho was still holding made contact with Sigma's face, causing a loud *crunch* to echo out. It was unclear whether it was Sigma's skull or just the wood. Sigma fell flat on his back, nose bloodied and face swollen.
- Rho knelt down, taking the razor from his fallen opponent and holding it at his neck. Sigma tried to get back up, but was unable to. The Nobilis instructed Rho to *"finish the job"* as Astraeus' voice leaked in.
- Instead of doing that, Rho whirled around again and lashed the blade whip at the Nobilis' neck. His body dissolved in an orange glow, as did everyone else's. Astraeus commented that this was not how it happened in reality, but it is how it should have.

# The Oddity
- The scene changed to that of a CIC in the bridge of a ship in orbit above a Cradle-type planet. Screens showed data regarding the ongoing conflict on the ground. This was one of Junior's lost memories from his time as a SecComm-controlled NHP. The rebels who would go on to establish ThirdComm were making headway in their revolution, but SecComm's forces still had a lot of fight left in them.
- The captain of the ship asked Junior for his thoughts on various aspects of their campaign on the world below, addressing him as "JK." His holographic form resembled the picture in use as his profile image in the mission briefing screen.
- JK reviewed the available data and suggested courses of action in regards to SecComm's orbital strikes (make half more accurate, and the other half speedier and more unpredictable), unit mobilization (send the units in outposts forward into the enemy in surprise counterattacks to slow the enemy's advance), and troop morale.
- For this last point, JK rapidly assembled a propaganda video using the image of a popular figure in SecComm's military. To CF's modern eyes, it resembled a strange combination of a toy commercial and an edgy recruitment ad.
- The captain was pleased with JK's efforts, and asked if he would like to drop to the ground personally in order to "refuel his tanks," and said that it was important for the **Jaws of Kismet** to keep its muscles warmed up.
- JK said that he was indeed very hungry, and proceeded to drop in his trusty Gluttony frame, killing and consuming thousands of enemy soldiers, all in the name of a government that was about to lose its grip on the galaxy.
- Astraeus was pleased with Junior making the same choices he had made in reality - prioritizing the utter annihilation of the enemy.

# The Influencer
- The next memory belonged to Scimitar. She was preparing to enter a mechanized gladiatorial match in the Royal Colosseum of Suldan. This was during her time as a slave to the Emir Julian Khan, whose birthday was being celebrated with this event.
- In her previous bout, she had captured Julian's attention by sparing an ex-boyfriend of hers in the arena. The fans gave that event a whole rumor-filled life of its own, and she was something of an underdog folk hero in the making.
- Zara mounted up in her C&H Kalista and waited for the signal to enter the arena. Shortly thereafter, a friend of hers named **Nizab** dropped by. He was known for performing last minute checkups on Zara's mech before matches, and he was also a slave.
- Nizab told her that he had heard who her opponent would be: Raafida el-Amini, a cousin of Julian. She was highly trained in mech combat and had a pristine chassis to work with. Nizab figured that Julian was giving Zara a make-or-break moment - either gaining a new popular underdog champion to display to the people, or having his cousin crush her without increasing the likelihood of slaves getting more confident and hopeful.
- Nizab also recommended that when Zara beats Raafida, she should make the defeat a vicious one and "send a message" to everyone watching from the balconies.
- Zara gave him a small thumb drive she had been concealing on her person, which he took and did the same with. She told him to make sure that gets to the Chandrasekhar & Herschel office down the road, and they'd know what to do with it. He agreed, but doubled down on what he said earlier to make sure she knew what to do. She brushed him off, saying that he was thinking too small. He scoffed at her, but did as she requested.
- Her time to enter the arena arrived. The Royal Colosseum was a marvel of engineering, able to hold up to 250,000 spectators. And it was packed to the brim on this special day.
- Julian Khan, or rather this clone of him, was in the early stages of middle age and disease. (Such was the fate of all his prior clones. He was known for the chain of clones that allowed him to rule as an immortal leader, in a twisted sort of way.) He addressed the crowds with a microphone and projected his image on the many large screens dotted around the place.
- *“People of Suldan. MY people. It is truly my greatest honor, here on my 167th birthday, to present to you the fight you have all been waiting for. My cousin, Raafida, in her IPS-N Nelson Flight Type and the underdog Zara in her...(what it is again?)...C&H Kalista."*
- The Nelson Flight Type was extremely polished and well-built. Raafida showed off to the audience with a few bursts of its flight jets. Zara's Kalista would need to be strong enough to take a real beating. She caused flames to emit from its shoulders, which garnered some slight approval from the crowd and Julian.
- The fight began. Raafida was extremely fast in her mobility and attacks, tearing off lots of chunks from the Kalista's armor. Zara focused on merely toughing it out and waiting for the perfect opportunity for a counterattack, which eventually arrived. The sudden turn of events got a lot of cheers and gasps.
- Eventually, after the fight continued ebbing and flowing in each warrior's favor, Zara stood victorious with Raafida's mech lying on its back. Zara called out to Astraeus, acknowledging that this was just a memory. Astraeus simply told her that she knew what to do. Julian Khan anxiously approached the railing of his balcony seat, waiting with bated breath to see whether Zara would finish off her opponent or not.
- Zara hefted her mech's motorized tetsubo into the air, and made it seem as though she was about to execute Raafida. But at the last moment, she redirected the weapon's momentum and threw it directly toward Julian! Unfortunately, it missed him, instead knocking a corner chunk off the balcony. He rushed to cover and panic sprouted in the audience.
- At that exact moment, many other C&H frames burst through the colosseum's walls and scaled over the top of them. This was the rebellion, here to begin the end of the Emir's reign once and for all.
- As Zara saw the noble families fleeing the stands, she also saw their slaves and children looking down at her. Yet she got the sense that they were also looking up to their hero in the making.

# The Wolf
- The scene reformed into a forest at night. It appeared to be Demetrian. There was a military campsite set up with tents and a watchtower. Phorosian Dominion soldiers have recently returned her, and some of them took up guard posts on the perimeter.
- Suddenly, a silenced gunshot was heard, and a guard on the perimeter fell. Six more shots, six more dead bodies. The camp went on high alert, and another soldier got caught in a tree snare, sending his body flying up.
- Agonizingly long minutes passed before Dalton made his next move. He cut the power to the lights, then triggered explosives which he had planted throughout the camp, casting an orange glow across the area.
- He then made his move, using all of his personal weapons and melee abilities to easily dispatch every single guard in the camp. He was on a mission to get some intel out of the VIP who was staying in this camp - a Phorosian Dominion colonel.
- The VIP had been hiding inside his tent, but Dalton saw that he cut a hole in the back and was fleeing. The chase did not last long, as Dalton ended it by a well-placed shot to the knee.
- Upon getting close to the VIP, who was now bleeding and writhing in pain on the ground, Dalton could see that he was taken by surprise to such a degree that he was in sleepwear. He looked like a pitiful civilian.
- Dalton said, *"Nice to meet you, colonel, here on the front lines."* The colonel was clearly deeply afraid, and asked for his pursuer's identity. Dalton said he should know who he was already.
- Dalton questioned the colonel about who had given the order to kill his mother, **Selena Burke**, who had also been a Demetrian fighter.
- The colonel did not answer, claiming that he did not know. Dalton didn't believe this, and twisted a knife into the gunshot wound. The colonel cried out in pain and claimed that if he gave that up, his superiors would do horrible things to him. But the torture was too much, and he answered Dalton's question: a man named **Nathaniel Hayes**.
- Having gotten what he wanted, Dalton began to walk away and leave the colonel to bleed out. But he changed his mind and instead jammed a knife into his throat to end his life.
- Astraeus was pleased.

# The Eidolon
- The scene began to shift and form into Astraeus' casket chamber, but stopped just short of reality being fully restored. Instead, it continued to warp and become a formless, nebulous dark void. Bizarre, large shapes began to form.
- Shapes began forming around the bodies of CF and Ivan, as well, eventually materializing into their chassis.
- Astraeus formed as a strange, spherical entity in the center of this void, with a labyrinthine pattern spiraling all around it.
- *“You still exhibit clear signs of understanding…I cannot allow your abilities to go to waste. I can push you to your true potential. You have proven yourselves capable of high level strategizing. But what is strategy without a little luck?”*
- It was clear that Astraeus wished to face CF in combat one last time. This time, Astraeus was an eidolon - an NHP manifesting in realspace. These are extremely dangerous and unpredictable paracausal beings.
- A scan from Junior did not reveal much about the eidolon, but it did make it clear that Astraeus and the "shards" had some sort of terminal on each of them, displaying a 3 x 3 grid of some kind.
- Suddenly, Shrike and his mech disappeared. It was unclear what was happening, but CF had no time to react to this, instead needing to remain focused on Astraeus.
- It turned out that the lancers had to get close to the eidolon and its layers to interact with that grid. They each had to randomly guess a pair of grid coordinates. If they did not get both correct, their mechs took a lot of heat.
- Once the correct pair was eventually guessed, the next layer of the eidolon manifested. Astraeus "synced" themself with whoever was closest, and did massive amounts of damage to that character. Yet at the same time, only the synced character was able to effectively damage them back.
- The next layer emanated an aura. If one were to step outside of it, their mech would become exposed. Astraeus was also able to easily immobilize them.
- After some more fighting, Scimitar and Junior's mechs were taking a particularly rough beating, but all of them continued powering through, including Ivan!
- Astraeus' core was revealed. They used a massively powerful energy beam to nearly destroy Ivan's mech, but he did an epic barrel roll and avoided it entirely! ... Until Astraeus did the exact same thing again, catching him off guard. Ivan's mech was destroyed and it was unclear if he survived.
- Dominus landed the killing blow against the core. As it shattered out into millions of tiny fragments, the pilots heard Astraeus' voice one final time: *"You...finished...the job."*

# The Phorosian Dominion's Secret
- Reality returned for the team. They found themselves in Astraeus' casket chamber and saw that the casket was destroyed, likely when Astraeus emerged as an eidolon. They were well and truly dead at this point.
- Shrike was also back, although it seemed everyone's mechs were still above ground where they had been left.
- Ivan was alive, but extremely pale and shaken up. He had no clear injuries, and felt physically okay, for the most part.
- Dominus carried him back to his squadmates, but before that, Ivan asked if they could take one more look around the lab to find anything potentially useful. Junior was able to locate a hard drive in a well-preserved room and access it.
- However, the data within the drive was encrypted. Ivan said that his superiors would likely have the cyphers, but the lancers were hesitant to turn it over to the GZR without first verifying its contents. Dominus attempted to talk Ivan out of it, and it worked pretty easily. Ivan said that they all share something of a bond now after fighting such an unusual battle together. *"I passed out and missed everything until you brought me back upstairs to the others, right?"*
- Junior hooked up the hard drive to Senior, and through some elite hacking skills, decrypted all the data. The lancers were shocked to discover that this data indicated the presence of latent nuclear warheads seeded all throughout Demeter, along with the launch codes. There was at least one of these in close proximity to Hestia.
- CF decided to not hand over the drive to Ivan's squad, but rather pass it off to their own superiors on the *Rio Grande* for further internal discussion.

# Beer & Burgers
- Before returning to the ship, Ivan and his squadmates offered to cool down a little with some food and drink at a place in Hestia. CF accepted the proposition.
- As Junior had a discussion with the workers about their wages and hours, the squads enjoyed their meals together.
- At one point, Ivan expressed familiarity with Scimitar from her reputation in martial combat sports, as well as **The Great Sunmist Vale Bake Off, Presented by Scimitar and the Colosseum Coalition.** Apparently he was at that event in the Sunmist Vale Fair and really enjoyed her white chocolate pasta cake creation.
- Because of that, he offered to undertake any sort of favor that Scimitar might need, especially if it was something normally outside of her reach due to the GZR. *(This was the convenient opportunity from one of her downtime actions.)*
- In turn, she handed Ivan a card for DM28 and the Colosseum Coalition, suggesting that he might have a good place in the organization. He declined at first, stating that he was too busy, but also said that he'd reach out if he changes his mind later.

# Debriefing
- In the mission debriefing, Farris and Kim discussed what they should do regarding the nukes seeded throughout Demeter.
- Farris was of the opinion that the Demetrian Alliance deserves to know they are sitting on a potentially catastrophic disaster, but she also acknowledged that suddenly dropping this onto them would likely harm their relations with the GZR.
- Kim suggested more clandestinely informing the GZR that Union was now aware of its secret, but that the two forces could collaborate to disarm and retrieve all the nukes without Demeter ever finding out. But if something were to go wrong, things would definitely fall apart.
- The squad members of CF had varying opinions on what should be done. Kim said that they were technically under no obligation to make the decision, since their duty was done, after all. CF chose to allow Farris and him to make the call.
- In the coming days, CF would learn that they decided to reconvene the Phorosian Council. In it, they revealed everything known about the nukes in front of the reps from both the DA and the GZR. Naturally, the DA was not happy about this, and the GZR was disappointed that this was exposed without their involvement in the breaking of the news. Tensions are still relatively high, except now the DA is the primary factor in the hesitation to become a Union state - they are heavily reconsidering the implications of formally uniting with the GZR, which would happen as a result.
- Farris and Kim also informed them of the true identity of the attacker who sparked this mission in the first place, and explained the basics about the Heralds of the Third Dawn. They just left out the part about the Aun's involvement, as that is still classified by Union intelligence.
- The mission was declared a success.

# A Note for Shrike
- While performing full repairs in the hangar, a crewmate of the *Rio Grande* approached Shrike and handed him a note. It had been found in Leonora's cell. Leonora was no longer on board.
- The note was handwritten, and contained this message: "Sorry for not saying goodbye in person. To be honest, I have a strange feeling we’ll meet again, anyway. But it seems I have been deemed ‘no longer a threat’ by Union’s…legal department, or whoever. It sounded really convoluted. I’m a free woman by their definition. But you and I both know we can never *really* be free. There will always be people from our pasts hunting us down. It’s only a matter of either hiding till you die/outlive them, or foolishly facing them head-on and going out on your own terms. The choice I made? Well, I don’t plan on dying any time soon. If you ever want to talk, you can reach me on this secure omni messaging app. I’ll probably start by heading to EN4. It’s small enough that any new arrivals will be easy to spot, and I would be shocked if SSC sends anyone else there after you killed/captured one of their spec ops teams. Maybe I’ll settle down and become a moisture farmer, or some such. Burn this note, please."

# Remembrances
- Both Shrike and Junior were somehow able to tell that something had been changed in their mech licensing records, aside from increasing to LL9.
- Shrike saw that he had been granted the "Remembrance of the Butcher Bird of Demeter," granting him the Ghostweave core bonus. "*Remembrance of the Butcher Bird of Demeter, hewn into Astraeus' memory. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by any mech-scale printer. Dalton Burke was not born into a soldier's life. When his mother was killed in the Phorosian civil war, he made it his purpose to track down her killer. Even if it meant killing hundreds more from the shadows.*"
- Similarly, Junior found the "Remembrance of the Jaws of Kismet," granting him the Fomorian Frame core bonus. *"Remembrance of the Jaws of Kismet, hewn into Astraeus' memory. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by any mech-scale printer. To consume and kill on behalf of the Second Committee was JK's purpose. Its jaws opened wide and could not be closed by anything, save for destiny itself."*
- Junior felt that it was time for a change in Senior. The members of CF were shocked and maybe a little horrified to witness its new form - a massive, hulking red behemoth with a wide mouth and strange tendrils of energy emerging from within. The official designation of the mech now reads **Drowned in Love**.