# Downtime: Back to Basics

- **Dominus: Heal Burden.** Dominus, channeling his actions from Astraeus' memory of him, gave a rousing speech to the Peerless. He intended to encourage them that no matter where they came from or who they were, they were all capable of achieving great things. He also subconsciously wished to remind himself that he is better than what the Restorium had planned for him.

- **Dominus: Org maintenance.** ...And the speech was excellent. He left the mercs speechless for a moment, but then he was met with a round of thunderous applause, cheering, and chanting. Efficiency +2.

- **Scimitar: Org maintenance.** Scimitar delivered a report on the Demeter mission's success, and spoke of how this would open more doors of opportunity for the Coalition. Influence +2.

- **Junior: Org maintenance.** Junior issued threats to the Subartender NHPs to increase their work efficiency. But the threats were quite esoteric and odd to beings who didn't have a full grasp on the concept of fear. Still, with the potential to be terminated from their jobs if they didn't comply, they decided to just go along with what the boss wanted. This led to some different outcomes than Junior may have anticipated, but it didn't really care. Influence +2.

- **Shrike: Org maintenance.** Shrike communicated to Sterling and other members of Raptors' Nest - which had been growing quite rapidly behind the scenes - that the Phoros system was ripe with potential for further monitoring in the wake of the previous mission. They will likely be able to acquire even more members and get their hands on some valuable resources for future use. Efficiency +2.

- **Scimitar: Buy Some Time.** Knowing that the situation was getting more precarious in Port Conroy for the Peerless and Colosseum Coalition members who were still stuck there, Zara issued orders to any CC agents on the ground to attempt influencing the higher ranks of the Dustbranded. The gang was not necessarily formed in a strict military-like structure, but the CC did make contact with Durst Slaughter's right hand man. They had a frank conversation about the realities of what Durst's actions would lead to, and it seemed to have a good effect. This should buy CF more time to act on this situation without risking their allies' lives.

- **Dominus: Mount Rescue Mission.** Rho did not wait long. He got the idea to arrange the filming of a fake movie in Port Conroy. "Peerless Wars. In war, there are friends and foes. But there are no friends in *this* war." Unfortunately, Durst has eyes and ears all over the city, and the team's cover was blown immediately. Durst issued a "shoot on sight" command to his gang against any Peerless or CC members arriving in the city. This added heat means it will be impossible for CF to take any other action here until the end of their next mission.

- **Scimitar: Assist Your Superiors.** Zara did some networking on behalf of the *Rio Grande*'s superior officers, returning to them with a great amount of intel. She gained Kim's official backing and an experimental program assembled by Rio to use in the next mission.

- **Junior: Get Creative.** Junior had the idea to expand its influence on the wider area of the galaxy that CF was operating in. It began work on "Project Infinite Mirrors," with the goal to begin seeding many subalterns around the galaxy to have eyes and ears all over the place. *“It’s not about building a bigger mouth, it’s about building a bigger stomach.”*

- **Shrike: Scrounge and Barter.** Dalton received a request from DevotedMurmur28. Apparently he was looking for a piece of tech for some unknown reason. He said that if Shrike were to find it for him, he had a special system which could be integrated to a mech weapon for extra power. *"Trust me, this device I’ve been tinkering with can elevate your weapons. That is, if they’re even capable of withstanding the technological advancement, heh."* Dalton went around asking various people in 0t's hangout spots, and lost some dignity in the process whenever he had to reveal he was shopping on behalf of DM28. But he was able to find it and DM28 stayed true to his word. Gained Laser Guidance.

- **Dominus: Gather Information.** Rho thought back to the discovery they had made about the secret scientific base on the SSC-owned planet Shanden. With Kim's presumption that this was the location in which the Restorium's recovered data was transferred, Rho began to dig deeper. He made contact with a fellow Union rep who had connections to the DOJ/HR. Apparently, that data was considered to be extremely valuable to SSC for a unique reason: there is evidence that the genes of Rho's batch were modified using techniques that had not been established/discovered, even for SSC, until about 50 years after the zygotes were fertilized.

- **Scimitar: Scrounge and Barter.** Zara utilized her master chef skills to prepare a wonderful buffet-style spread on the finest space aluminum platters, which she then presented to the *Rio Grande*'s printshop techs as thanks for all of their hard work. The pastas, meats, and vegetables were top tier, and the workers were so impressed and grateful for the recognition that they allowed her to borrow some extra supplies to repair her mech in the next mission.

- **Junior: Power at a Cost.** Junior began working on Project Infinite Mirrors by contracting a large industrial printshop to begin printing all the subalterns it would need. However, the materials would need to be very long-lasting and durable. Junior knows he can get this material from Suldan.

- **Shrike: Gather Information.** Dalton sought information on Nathaniel Hayes - the person who had ordered his mother's death in the time of the Phorosian Civil War. However, Dalton needed to knock out a guard in order to access the information stored in the GZR’s databases. The guard may or may not have gotten a good look at him (though he was wearing a disguise with a helmet covering his face). He learned that Nathaniel Hayes used to serve in the Phorosian Dominion’s military hierarchy as a lieutenant and ordered Selena’s death for a few reasons. She was obviously a major threat to the PD’s soldiers, essentially a one-woman guerilla army, and it therefore made her a valuable target. At first, Hayes merely wanted her captured for interrogation. But it turned out she had discovered Astraeus’ casket chamber and suspected that the NHP was covertly disguising its signatures to trick her into thinking they were inactive. Selena, after returning to the lab beneath the bunker, confirmed that Astraeus was active. She was then captured as she exited the lab. The Dominion found out what she knew of their schemes, and Hayes ordered her execution. Astraeus would need to remain in secret for as long as possible, for there were whispers among the ranks that the otherwise ignorant Union was planning to intervene in their civil war. After Union swooped in, Hayes was one of a portion of Dominion servicepeople who abandoned their posts and went into hiding. It’s suspected that he used his acquired wealth and resources to make his way off-world to some place far away from the Phoros system. This confirmed that the woman in the memory scene which the squad observed prior to the fights with Astraeus was indeed Selena.

# Destination: Suldan
- In the briefing for the next mission, it was confirmed that CF would be searching for the Chosen’s base on Suldan, thanks to VR Shadowhawk’s intel. Farris made it a point to mention they should avoid getting involved too much in the local politics while side-eyeing Scimitar. Zara acknowledged this with a nod.
- Suldan is covered by a defense grid composed of high-powered killsats, each equipped with an array of anti-ship missiles, lasers, and point-defense weaponry capable of creating deadly overlapping fields of fire and defending the satellites themselves. There are also orbital strike platforms aimed down at the ground.
- The corporation ArcLight Transcolonial spent a lot of resources, including human lives, in order to carve out a path through the grid, destroying several satellites in the process. The grid seems to be capable of automated repairs, but ArcLight keeps their damage output going on a regular basis so that the repairs are undone before they even come close to completion.
- ArcLight also provides a secure escort service to get ships on-world. Union has approved funding for shuttling CF to Suldan via this method.
- However, ArcLight recently got a video message that they shared with Union. Rio showed the video, which was a brief statement from the Messenger: *"Colonialist invaders of the Suldani skies. I come bearing a message for you. The Cultivator hath spoken, and your reign of terror will come to an end very soon. Whether it happens peacefully or forcefully shall be thy decision. Command thy fleet to stand down, or it shall be struck from orbit by the Heraldic fleet."*
- It seemed that the Heralds of the Third Dawn, no doubt acting on behalf of the Chosen, were going to initiate a naval engagement above Suldan in order to drive out ArcLight and make the planet even more impenetrable for Union and CF.
- Obviously, Union would need to send a fleet to defend ArcLight’s beach head before getting CF on the ground.
- The mission was named **Cultivated Strike**. CF had done a lot of good work to get to this point with the Chosen in hiding. But now they were onto them again!

# All Vessels Engaged
- CF had some connections which they called on to bolster the naval engagement over the next few days. Battlegroups commanded by the Peerless (definitely *not* Magenta Red), Colosseum Coalition (DM28), and Subartenders (Junior and Thor) arrived in orbit above Suldan, ready to take on the Heralds.
- The Heraldic fleet was composed of only 3 battlegroups. The goal was to disable them, avoiding total destruction if possible in order to minimize space debris in close proximity to an inhabited world.
- The Union fleet was able to do exactly that, with only one of its ships being mission-killed itself (the CC *Tool of Justice*).
- With the Heraldic fleet taken out, there should now be enough time to shuttle CF to Suldan so they can begin the search for the Chosen!

# DM28 Joins the Party
- As CF prepared to shuttle down to Hadiqa, the capital city of Suldan, DM28 unexpectedly joined them. At first, he was stoic and quiet, but when CF asked him what he was doing, he simply stated that he was excited to go to Suldan.
- This world means a lot to him, despite this being his first visit. Scimitar approved his joining the squad for the mission.
- Junior identified that DM28 had also been spending some time in the mech simulators on the *Rio Grande* and shared this information with the team.

# ArcLight's Intel
- In Port Ossman, Dominus ran into a StellarLogistics captain involved in some sort of dispute. He believed that the rival company StarLift Logistics was engaging in some sort of fraudulent activity. A ship claiming to be with Stellar was requesting permission to dock. The ArcLight traffic controller informed this captain as a formality but had no reason to prevent it from moving forward. The Stellar captain was suspicious because there were no plans about another Stellar vessel arriving in Hadiqa, and he thought it was StarLift pretending to be with them. Dominus chose to leave this situation untouched for the time being.
- CF then met with **Col. Rylana Bosman**, ArcLight’s designated liaison for the squad. She had no relevant intel on the Heralds nor the Void Reapers, as they have not been known to be operating on Suldan.
- But she was able to give them a rundown of the local conflicts they were dealing with, including Julian Khan’s loyalist insurgents and the Suldani Independence Front (SIF).
- The loyalists are made up of remnants of Julian Khan's military supporters who seek to restore his power over the planet for a variety of reasons. Thought the Emir was absolutely a tyrant, he was not hated by *all*. The loyalists are currently engaging in small point strikes and skirmishes against ArcLight, with tactics ranging from scattershot and improvised to extremely well-coordinated.
- The SIF is a slightly different matter, mainly made up of people from settlements beyond Hadiqa who have no love for the old tyrant, nor for the new leaders in power, nor for ArcLight and other off-world visitors. They are not outwardly aggressive in all cases and have negotiated diplomatically with ArcLight before, but they are very stringent on not conceding their home territory to anyone.
- Col. Bosman gave the squad the location of an ArcLight outpost just beyond the city, situated close to a planetary defense node. These kinds of nodes are basically towers which house dozens of military subalterns and drones. If their security perimeters are breached, the drones are engaged. But if not, they are otherwise inert and pose no threat. ArcLight has stationed guards around each defense node in Hadiqa to ensure they remain that way. A bad actor could theoretically trip the perimeter and exploit the drones by leading them on a rampage through areas of the city populated by civilians.
- The aforementioned outpost was expected to be attacked by loyalists very soon, thanks to intercepted comms. Bosman recommended starting the investigation there, assuming the loyalists would likely have some kind of lead for CF.
- After they left Port Ossman, DM28 broke from CF to head to a nearby gladiatorial colosseum. Apparently it was "calling" to him. He also cautioned the lancers against putting too much trust in ArcLight - it may not be as large a corporation as IPS-N or SSC, but it was certainly not acting out of altruistic reasons.

# Loyalty
- CF then went to the outpost. They saw how the extravagant central district of the city turned to a much more humble and crowded place, packed with prefabs and homes constructed from local materials. On the outskirts, they could see a mountain range in the distance and a cluster of what appeared to be weather balloons connected to each other in the sky.
- The leader of the ArcLight squadron stationed at this outpost spoke to them, indicating that he doesn't believe ArcLight should be wasting so much time and resources on this world, but he supposed it was an investment trap kind of situation. He spoke of how the mountains contained valuable mineral resources which the company wishes to extract.
- CF's mechs were transported to the outpost, and they prepared for the loyalist attack, which arrived not a moment too soon. The squad needs to destroy the enemy mechs and bring back their data cores for rapid analysis and data extraction.
- The fight ended in CF's victory, with all of the loyalist frames destroyed. The surviving enemies were taken into custody by ArcLight.

# Undercover SIF
- The data retrieved during the fight revealed that this squad of loyalists had orders to destroy the outpost, but they had no interest in the nearby defense node.
- One of their pilots in custody was a woman named **Fithara**. She claimed to be an undercover operative for the SIF, but ArcLight was hesitant to trust her.
- Col. Bosman allowed CF to question her. Rho got the sense that she was being truthful, but due to the SIF’s distrust of ArcLight, she was still not entirely forthcoming with intel.
- After Zara revealed herself to be the very same Zara Khan who helped ignite the rebellion against the Emir, Fithara became much more easily swayed to cooperate. She said that if CF freed her, she would give them the exact location of the loyalist base at which she had been stationed.
- ArcLight still wanted proof of her true allegiance, agreeing to free her if CF could verify she was SIF.
- Fithara had no proof she could give them aside from her word. She suggested being freed and kept under close supervision by CF, and she'd lead them halfway to her SIF base. Some of her people could meet them on the road and CF could report the interaction to ArcLight.

# The H in C&H
- Zara realized she could call on an old friend, **Jun Chandrasekhar**, from her former days in the rebellion. Jun was, of course, the co-founder of the most famous mech manufacturer of Suldan: Chandrasekhar & Herschel (C&H). Zara knew C&H likely still had ties to the SIF and those who fight for a more perfect Suldan. Jun could vouch for Fithara, though they would all need to be careful enough to not give away C&H's connection to the SIF in the process.
- Using an encryption method from the rebellion, Zara sent a message to C&H and requested it be sent further up the chain of command. The response included an equally encrypted message: "Zara? The one and only? Come to the office. - MH" She knew this to be from **Mattias Herschel**, the other co-founder of the company.
- CF made their way to the C&H headquarters in the city. It didn't take long before they found themselves on the top floor and face-to-face with Herschel himself, who was very glad to see Zara again.
- They gave him a vague warning regarding the Aun, but didn't divulge too many details in the interest of not painting too big a target on his back. He took their word for it after hearing they are capable of at-will teleportation.
- When they asked about Jun, Mattias suspiciously claimed that she had been killed in an arena fight years ago. *"I saw it with my own eyes...the flames burned so brightly that I had to look away. No one could have survived it."*
- Zara correctly pointed out that if that had really happened, there would be tons of news articles reporting it and videos of the incident. Mattias could not find anything to corroborate his claim, and began getting clearly very uncomfortable in his seat, repeating and murmuring the same thing about how he saw it with his own eyes.
- Interestingly, Rho could tell he wasn’t exhibiting the body language of a liar. He seemed to genuinely believe in what he was saying.
- After reviewing security footage of the visitors to Mattias' office over the past couple of months, the lancers verified that Bannerjee had paid him a visit and altered his memory, similarly to what was done to Rio!
- Mattias confirmed with a C&H design specialist named Rebecca that Jun was, in fact, most likely still alive, having been seen in the office merely a month prior.
- CF recommended that he search for some sort of medical expert who can help reconstruct his memory. For the time being, the squad would be able to get enough of a semi-valid vouch for Fithara from Rebecca.
- Jun's current status is unclear, though the lancers suspect that she may have been kidnapped by the Chosen.

# Into the Desert
- CF geared up to escort Fithara to the meetup point with her SIF friends. Col. Bosman recommended staying vigilant for sandstorms and loyalists. *“You’ve got ArcLight’s approval to escort this ‘Fithara’ to…wherever it is she wants to go. You’ll want to travel in your mechs of course. The desert can get pretty dicey, and of course the insurgents are always a threat so be mindful of an ambush. We’re sparing a truck that Fithara can drive - no weapons for her, but it’ll be enough for her to keep pace with your squad, or, I guess lead your squad. If shit goes sideways, handle the situation to the best of your abilities and report back to me as soon as you can."*
- They, and Fithara, set out on the main paved road from the city.

# Sand Trap
- After about an hour into the journey, Fithara directed them to depart from the road and begin traveling through the desert proper. Dust clouds soon began lightly obscuring the sun, though Fithara didn't express significant fears about a sand storm. *“Suldani dust storms are common, but most of them are easily survivable as long as you have a vehicle or a mech. But the more brutal ones can be much more dangerous. They typically form in the distance and you can see them coming from miles away, so I think we should be fine for now.“*
- The source of the dust clouds quickly became clear, as they encountered another squad of mechs resembling the ones that the loyalists had been piloting in the previous fight. Fithara expected them to be her friends, so she exited the truck and waved to them.
- However, she was proven wrong when one of them raised its weapon and tried to fire upon her! She was able to jump back into the truck, and CF knew they’d have to defend her against this clear ambush.
- Though Shrike’s mech nearly underwent catastrophic reactor failure, the squad was able to deftly navigate Fithara and themselves through the ambush, with the speed of Scimitar's Charioteer being extremely valuable.

# Fithara's Friends
- After putting plenty of distance between them and the enemies, CF paused for light repairs before continuing onward.
- It wasn't long before even more mechs showed up, this time from the top of a nearby canyon ridge. They waited with weapons at the ready, but didn’t attack immediately.
- Rho approached them in his mech. The other squad's leader called out, asking who they were. Rho responded that they were working with ArcLight, but were not ArcLight.
- At this point, Zara showed herself to them. The leader recognized her as an icon of Suldan and accepted their explanations as truth. Zara also mentioned that her squad had Fithara, and that she was kept safe. He instructed them all to meet his squad at the base of the canyon ridge.
- The squads convened and greeted each other more personally.
- Their leader then removed his hood, and chuckled at the fact that Zara hadn't yet recognized him. It was none other than **Nizab**, her old friend who used to be a slave in the days of Julian Khan! But now he was acting as a squad leader for the SIF.
- He explained that Scimitar's actions in igniting the revolution against Julian had inspired him and stuck with him all these years later. Though he still perceives himself as a "small thinker," as she had told him back then.
- Zara gave him the whole rundown of CF's mission, including the fact that the Aun are somehow involved with the events that have recently been transpiring on this planet. Nizab didn't know of any relevant information that he could provide, but he promised that he'd put out the word to the rest of the SIF in hopes that someone would be able to give them something.
- He thanked Zara and CF for coming to Suldan and getting Fithara back to them. But he did have a favor to ask of Zara: that she would do what she could to convince ArcLight to stand down from their attempts at securing mining rights in the Chiraji Mountains. Zara said she would certainly try.
- Junior realized that these mountains contain the resources it would need to make progress on Project Infinite Mirrors. It humbly, but bluntly, asked Nizab if he would allow it to mine for those resources. Nizab looked to Zara, but she genuinely answered that she wasn't sure if she could entirely vouch for the NHP. Nizab asked Junior if this "network project" would be able to help the SIF in their struggles against the loyalists and ArcLight. Junior answered affirmatively, and that was good enough for him. He said he would put in a good word with the settlements of the mountains and report back. Junior immediately sent a subaltern to the mountains so the work could be started...at some point in the next several days.
- Fithara upheld her end of the deal and provided CF with the location of the loyalist base in which she had been secretly operating. Hopefully the lancers would find more solid leads there.

# Loyalist Base Approach
- After splitting from Nizab’s group, CF reported back to Col. Bosman that Fithara had been telling the truth. The colonel had desired more solid proof, such as a recording of the encounter, but she had no choice but to take Union's word on this.
- The squad set off for the Loyalist base using Fithara’s coordinates.
- When they arrived at the base, very far into the remote desert, they noticed that it was unusually inactive - no patrols, mechs, drones, turrets, etc. However, the base was clearly receiving power, as indicated by a flashing light on a rooftop radio beacon.
- They noticed a very large, dense dust storm quickly approaching from the horizon, so they made haste. If they encountered anyone inside, they would pose as travelers caught in the storm.
- There were 3-4 mech wreckages outside, and a few dead bodies inside wearing insignias of Julian Khan. This base had clearly been attacked very recently.

# The Strange Room
- Rho found a monitor showing feeds from surveillance cameras. One showed a mysterious room - circular in shape, no apparent doors or windows, and had nothing but an empty pedestal in the middle of a dais.
- He tried punching holes in random walls and floors throughout the facility, regularly checking the surveillance feed to see if he might notice any new beams of light shining into the room. Unfortunately, he never did.
- However, just as he gave up on this plan, he caught a glimpse of a shadowy silhouetted figure standing on the dais. But as Rho went to get a closer look at the monitor screen, the figure totally vanished into thin air.
- CF was then able to find some blueprints from a few years past which showed the architectural plans for the base. They synced them with their HUDs so that they could move throughout the base and map it out in real time, searching for inconsistencies.
- The blueprints led CF to an inconsistency with a certain office. Zara used a “rainbow light” blast to carve holes in the walls, discovering a secret passageway!
- It was a very long, dark corridor that led to a motion-activated(?) sliding door. This was the strange room.
- Rho entered and noticed that outside sound became extremely muffled, though his own voice was still audible. Not seeing any interesting details, aside from the fact that the metallic walls of the room were a very pristine metal with silvery detailing, Rho decided to continue his hole punching strategy. He heard nothing but a low, solid thud upon striking the walls. He wasn't even able to scratch the material.
- Taking one last look around, he realized that there were no cameras in here! He asked Zara to stand in the room for a moment. Suspecting that this room may have been a decoy chamber, he rushed back to check the monitor.
- On the monitor, he saw that surveillance feed was just...**gone**.
- Shrike stood in the room, focusing on it. He saw something - more than a vision, but less than reality - manifesting in the form of small motes of glowing light atop the pedestal. They were arranged in some sort of odd pattern. They gradually disappeared from his view, and none of his squadmates saw them.

# Desert Reapers
- CF hunkered down to continue riding out the oddly strong and oddly severe dust storm outside.
- However, their systems began detecting nearby activity. A squad of mechs was moving in around the base’s perimeter.
- This squad’s leader spoke through the base's PA system: *“This is Void Reaper Bloody Crow. To all inside - that means you, Charlie Foxtrot - this base doesn’t belong to Union. You’re not getting away this time. If you want to surrender, go somewhere inside where we can see you. If you want to fight, you got about 30 seconds before we start moving in, so you better be quick about mounting those mechs.”*
- Naturally, CF never backs down from the Void Reapers!
- Bloody Crow was piloting an ultra avenger-class frame. Alongside one of her allies in a priest-class frame, she was a very formidable foe. With her judgment shotgun, she nearly destroyed Scimitar's chassis!
- They put up a good fight, but CF proved that even these “different” VRs couldn’t match them. The fact that Bloody Crow *almost* destroyed *one* of CF's frames is a pretty big accomplishment, right?
- Bloody Crow was dejected after the loss, and declared that she was done with this company. She was also very forthcoming with info; her squad was ordered by the Chosen to capture the loyalists at this base. They had done this the previous day, leaving a few dead loyalists behind but capturing the rest. The captives were brought back to the Chosen's base.
- The leader of that group of loyalists, **Tishir**, had sent a strange omnimessage which Bloody Crow had found. The message indicated that the base's occupants were experiencing odd hallucinatory phenomena on a regular basis. Tishir believed it may be related to the severe, frequent dust storms in the area.
- Bloody Crow said the VRs don’t know where exactly the Chosen’s base is, but they believe it must be on Suldan. This is because the Chosen have a direct connection to **Araska** - the NHP who administers the orbital defense grid. That explains how one member of this VR squadron was able to call in an orbital strike.
- CF agreed to escort this group of defeated VRs back to Hadiqa.

# Back to Hadiqa
- After the dust storm passed, Rio finally got a solid connection to CF's comms. She frantically warned them to get away from the base, as she was picking up concerning readings resembling those of metavaults - similar to the encounters with Virga and Astraeus, but this time it's *even stronger*. A special Union team will be sent in to investigate and set up an outpost at the Shifting Sands base.
- In Hadiqa, the squad fully repaired their mechs and reconvened with DM28. He had tried his hand at three bouts in Shrivastava Arena's mech gladiatorial matches. Unfortunately, he lost every one and racked up a rather large bill to pay for the damages to C&H. He was in a dour mood because he had always dreamed of proving himself in this way on Suldan. But thankfully Zara and CF helped cheer him up by pointing out that he still found himself in a way - he's clearly more talented at managing a battlegroup in a naval engagement than piloting a mech in front of a live audience.
- The squad also paid another visit to Mattias Herschel to share what they learned and to see if he had any news. He had found evidence suggesting that Jun Chandrasekhar was indeed kidnapped, or at least abruptly vanished. *“I did some more digging in her office and workstation. I don’t see any plans for travel anywhere. Seems like she had a few business meetings lined up that she didn’t actually go to. We got a few complaints about the no-show. It’s not like her to just disappear like this, not without telling me. I’m afraid she has been taken, as suspected. We also checked the security footage around her office and never saw this Bannerjee person - so it must have happened somewhere else.”*
- He also told CF a bit about Araska and *Eden*. The former is an NHP designed (influenced?) by Julian Khan's most highly skilled technicians. They are advanced enough to control and maintain the orbital defense grid, but ever since Khan went missing in the rebellion, Araska has been presumed to be operating based on their last directives: defend Suldan from intruders.
- *Eden* is a satellite station that Julian Khan wanted to use as a “throne" to literally look down over his subjects. It was not finished before he was deposed in the rebellion, however. Mattias was not totally sure if *Eden* is where Araska's casket is located, but he believed that it is definitely integrated with the defense grid in some way, at least.
- Cpt. Farris and the squad agreed that going to Eden was the next best step, as it seemed extremely likely that the Chosen would use that place as their headquarters. A fleet of battlegroups will be required to safely gain control of the station, though. This engagement would come to be known as "Operation Weedkiller."
- However, just one day prior to the planned engagement, Zara learned from Nizab that Jun had been spotted in a club called "The Flytrap" in the undercity beneath Hadiqa, surrounded by some uniformed security guards of unknown affiliation.
- CF needed to choose whether to follow up on Jun, or support the naval engagement!

# Operation Weedkiller
- CF decided to support the naval engagement. They would be the tip-of-the-spear boarding unit who would hijack *Eden* during the battle.
- The engagement commenced and things got down to the wire for many of the fleet’s ships, but...

# All Aboard Eden
- CF reached *Eden* and immediately came face to face with unusual "swarmhost" frames - otherwise normal chassis benefiting from nanite technology.
- The squad made great strides to make it to *Eden*’s control room, and successfully tore through much of the nanite-infested defenses.
- Eden was successfully hijacked and all enemy battlegroups were destroyed and/or defeated!

# The Defense Grid's Center
- CF moved through Eden, finding Araska’s casket, but there was no sign of anyone else on the station.
Monitors showed that Araska was overdue for cycling by over 1 standard year, yet their imminent cascade chance was minimal.
- The squad investigated the interfaces in this casket chamber and found one that would allow them to communicate with Araska. However, they merely replied with "Duties in progress. Please return at a later time."
- Shrike told Araska to disregard their former directives, but in order to do that, he would need a valid authorization code. Scimitar then tried to trick them into revealing a code to no avail.
- Junior joined the NHP in legionspace along with Shrike via subjectivity enhancement suite. Araska, taking the form of a person sitting in a throne of their own brain matter, was wholly focused on their last directives: defend Eden and Suldan from intruders. Junior threatened them into talking by shaking up and interfering with their processes.
- With this internal threat acknowledged and proven to be effective, Araska redirected their attention to their new guests.
- They confirmed that Mavvius was their new authorized commander, and the Chosen could be reached at “UHQ” - though they didn’t know where or what that was.
- After Junior and Shrike returned to realspace, Araska sent a new status update saying, "Internal threat purged. Internal threat's two-headed companion also purged."

# Contact with UHQ
- The lancers called UHQ, and Mavvius answered. She said she had chosen Suldan as her base of operations thanks to the defense grid and Araska’s subversion in leadership.
- During the conversation, Junior triangulated her location, finding that she was on-world, in Hadiqa!
- With CF simply taunting her, she ended the call. But not before warning them that she had just sent a squad of Void Reapers known as **Angel Black**. This squad cost her a premium fee, and she would be refunded if they were defeated.

# The Cavalry
- CF returned to their mechs in preparation for a fight. They are trying to think of a way to prevent Mavvius from getting a refund while still winning.
- Angel Black squadron was led by **VR Hammer** and each of its members piloted some extra durable mechs with enhanced abilities.
- The fight was fairly difficult, but thankfully CF was able to defeat these Void Reapers as well.
- VR Hammer and the rest of his squad will remain in custody (with Thor) on *Eden* for the time being. They had no new information to share regarding the Chosen or their headquarters.
- Farris and Garcia called the lancers to report on a shocking development in Hadiqa - a massive mech emerged from under the city, surrounded by green energy, and evidently piloted by...Jun Chandrasekhar!

# Duel in Hadiqa
- Jun broadcast a brief speech across the city: *“People of Hadiqa! Of Suldan! For too long we lived in the shadow of the Emir, the tyrant. After we earned our freedom, we became assailed by new tyrants - ArcLight Transcolonial! Union! I say NO MORE. No more tyrants, no more oppressors of Suldan! From this moment on, I am no longer Jun Chandrasekhar. I am **the Empyrean**, and I will lead you all to paradise!!!“*
- A Firmament portal opened near the squad, and they could see none other than Bannerjee on the other side, straining to hold it open without the throne. They shouted at the pilots to get to Hadiqa because *“Glorinda’s plan would doom us all!”*
- Scimitar’s Nimue was the only mech small enough to fit, and seeing no better choice, she went through it. The rest of the squad could only hope that this wasn't a huge mistake.
- Bannerjee said they had mentally influenced Jun to serve the Chosen, but she might be swayed by an old friend. They said Mavvius was inside the behemoth as well.
- Clearly drained of strength, Bannerjee teleported away but said they wouldn't be far.
- Zara caught up to the Empyrean behemoth and opened a comms channel with it. Jun was pleased to hear from her and said that the two of them could lead Suldan to glory together, once again.
- Zara tried to convince Jun that what she was doing was not right and was merely serving the interests of different threats to Suldan, but Jun didn’t back down. Her mental conditioning was staying intact.
- Before the Empyrean reached Port Ossman, Zara firmly declared that she was *not* with Jun this time and drew her attention.
- The duel commenced, and it wasn’t long before Zara gained the upper hand. Jun was not used to piloting such a large, lumbering chassis, and this caused her to be totally countered at nearly every moment by Zara's Nimue.
- Zara was able to avoid being struck in any way, and concluded the duel by slicing up the behemoth's legs. While this didn't bring it down, it seemed to disable the Firmament energy shields covering the chassis.

# The Empyrean
- The rest of CF arrived via ArcLight shuttle on the scene and joined the fight.
- The behemoth brawl is ongoing!