# Downtime: Shining Jewel of Suldan

- **Dominus: Heal Burden.** Dominus found Vilicus on the *Rio Grande* and thanked him for looking after the Peerless while Rho was away. But, he decided they were better when they stuck together. There’s no need to obsess over the past; you can do better work by looking forward. Vilicus agreed and looked forward to being a true team again. (Rho's Childhood Trauma burden was fully healed!)

- **Dominus: Org maintenance.** The Peerless are still doing just fine, especially with Magenta Red to keep them in check. Their efficiency and influence remain at the highest possible strength.

- **Scimitar: Org maintenance.** Zara checked in with DM28 and found that he is now fully locked in on helping to run their organization at 100% power, thanks to the impact of a large chapter in his life finally being closed. The Colosseum Coalition is now operating at maximum efficiency.

- **Junior: Org maintenance.** Junior had its Subartenders continue spreading throughout the Orion Arm, and they are now operating with maximum influence.

- **Shrike: Org maintenance.** Perhaps taking some inspiration from Junior, Dalton instructed Sterling and the rest of Raptors' Nest to continue spreading their tendrils throughout the galaxy, allowing them to make many more connections in the Cascade line and Rainier Station. They are now operating at maximum efficiency, with particular focus on surveilling the Void Reapers.

- **Scimitar: Step Into the Ring.** Zara coordinated a series of exhibition gladiatorial fights to help raise charitable donations for repairing damage done to Hadiqa in the previous mission. Of course, she also participated as a fighter for some of the bouts! This display of charity and prowess in the arena earned her a Devouring Blade (from the HA Castilla license) and a huge boost to her reputation - people saw and heard about her marvelous victories beyond even Suldan.

- **Dominus: Clean Up the A.O.** Rho went to visit Magenta Red in her captain's quarters on the *Dusty Embrace*. They had a brief conversation about where she sees herself going, if she's happy with the Peerless, and so forth. She said that she enjoyed the mercenary captain lifestyle, but that she missed having a place to call home (that wasn't a ship). If Rho wished to keep her happy, that was something he could look into on her behalf. And look, he did - finding a beautiful penthouse suite atop a skyscraper in central Hadiqa, just past the edge of the Empyrean's destruction. He bought it with some of the Peerless' funds and gifted her the deed. She was pleasantly surprised by the gesture and thanked him for it, while also semi-jokingly suggesting that she may get involved with local politics again one day. Before leaving her, Rho thanked her for supporting Union after New Port Conroy. But she said, *"Darlin', I don't give a shit about Union. All I care about is cold, hard manna. It wasn't Union's ideals that got me that apartment."* He also told her about his enjoyment of using stim drugs in his mech, which she warned him about becoming dependent on - but she's doing just fine with them, herself!

- **Scimitar: Gather Information.** Zara covertly ordered the CC to dig for information that she could use against ArcLight Transcolonial as part of the gladiatorial fights. She learned of several instances of ArcLight personnel disparaging their company's choices and Suldani culture on alt accounts across omni socials. This ignited a media firestorm, causing ArcLight to be essentially "canceled."

- **Junior: Gather Information.** Junior had its subaltern(s) on Shanden continue gathering intel on the secret base SSC is operating there. This led to some interesting info on the base's location and the research going on, including the promised help of a local contact on the planet. Throughout this process, the Subartenders have been leaving calling cards, as their logo is burned into data networks and mainframes all over Shanden...

- **Shrike: Gather Information.** Dalton spoke to VR Hammer in the brig of the *Rio Grande* to learn more about how the Void Reapers are structured as a company. It turns out they're a rather run-of-the-mill business, complete with some slightly shady patrons and supporters within Union. The CEO, **Seth "Obsidian" Buchanan**, was once known as an extremely proficient mech pilot. He tends to remain on the VR flagship, the *Revenant Risen*, which remains docked at Rainier Station most of the time nowadays. The ship also plays host to the company's treasurer, **Delphine Bancroft**. Raptors' Nest will be able to keep Dalton informed of these people's comings and goings on Rainier.

- **Dominus: Step Into the Ring.** Rho joined the Colosseum Coalition's gladiatorial fights as a participant in his Madrigal suit, sans mech. He won his fights, which were capped off with a bout against a C&H Charioteer! He got some neat reserves in the process, including Overclocked Systems and a Core Battery.

- **Scimitar: Partake in Liturgy.** Zara opened a branch of Garfield's in Hadiqa, hosting a religious service as part of the grand opening ceremony. At this restaurant, the big ticket menu item is the Nano-Honeyed Pork, with honey being infused with the meat at a molecular level. Delicious! She prayed to Juan for information regarding the Chaos Snake, but didn't get the answers she wanted. Instead, as thanks for doing this, Juan would gift her with an "I Must Go All Out" reserve later in the metavault, because defeating Apep would require her to do exactly that - go all out.

- **Junior: Scrounge and Barter.** Junior had an...interesting...idea to encourage "team cohesion" with its subalterns that travel personally with Drowned in Love: having them form their own street gang, of sorts. This led to a lot of people in Hadiqa writing bad reviews about various establishments that employ NHPs or utilize subalterns/drones in their operations, as the public started decrying Junior's subalterns for disrupting the day-to-day lives of the populace. This team cohesion exercise has at least led to Drowned in Love being able to benefit from its subalterns in a much more direct way (via the Substitute Core reserve - GMS Sierra).

- **Shrike: Get a Damn Drink.** Dalton suggested that the whole squad go out for dinner and drinks at the Shining Jewel bar, but Zara warned him that that place was known for being a tourist trap. Instead, she recommended a dive bar called Grumpy's - a total hole in the wall, but secretly one of the best places in the city. Junior noticed that the only thing remotely resembling a subaltern was the menu - a basic computer and monitor setup - but he couldn't resist hacking it to modify the menu. Once they were at a table, Dalton explained his desire to take down the Void Reapers by interfering with the highest level of their business operations. Zara questioned why they'd want to spend time and resources on them, seeing as the VRs are merely mercenaries being paid by Glorinda, and also the fact that they've already tried their elite "money-back guarantee" squadron on them. Dalton explained that it was more about the principle of it all, retaliating against the VRs due to their accepting and following through on a highly suspect contract with an enemy of Union. Junior was incredibly on-board with the plan, with Dalton even promising that it would be able eat as many personnel, er, personnel *records* as it would want! After tasting a traditional Suldani cocktail, Dalton noticed that, coincidentally, a VR squad was also at the bar. He had Junior plant a tracker on them and extract some info. Unfortunately, this inadvertently led to Sterling being forced to go dark on comms with Shrike for a while (until the end of the next downtime) due to the high amount of heat he was taking from the Void Reapers.

# Blood of Khan
- CF returned to the entrance of the metavault at the Shifting Sands base. Stationed there was a detachment of Union personnel whom they didn't recognize. This detachment was led by a woman named **Geneva Carthen**.
- Geneva informed CF that her team had not yet figured out how to access the metavault. But she hoped that Union's collective knowledge about metavaults combined with what CF had learned about this particular one would help bring them to the solution.
- When they got inside the circular chamber with the pedestal, she then revealed that she and her team were actually part of the Union Intelligence Bureau (UIB), emphasizing the significance and severity of what they were walking into.
- She had some hypotheses about the nature of this vault's entrance. The "blood of the tyrant, blood of Khan" might refer to Julian Khan's literal blood, but there was a chance it might also refer to a *relative* of his. Zara's surname is, of course, Khan, but she earned it as an orphaned child raised in slavery under Julian, being given the name as a sort of mark of ownership. Geneva believed that may not matter to the vault, as the logic of these places does not follow the same rules as logic in plain realspace.
- Shrike also recapped the strange symbol he had seen in a vision atop the pedestal, and Geneva used this to suggest that perhaps the key to entering is simply a relative of Julian Khan writing their signature on the incredibly smooth surface of the pedestal. *"Does anyone have a pen?"*
- Zara had been holding onto the pen she received a long time ago back on Rainier Station upon praying to Juan! She took it out and traced Julian's signature onto the pedestal. But nothing happened.
- Geneva told her to try her own name. This time, the ink from the signature was totally absorbed into the stone. The sound of latches clamping or unclamping could be heard coming from behind the panels around the room. The floor jolted before separating from the walls, which began rotating on a tilted axis. It was as though CF and Geneva were standing inside a globe.
- It was clear that the walls made up the shape of a sphere, and soon the bottom hemisphere had swapped places with the top. Where the first hemisphere was dull grey with inlaid gold details, the new one covering the room was a dark obsidian black with silvery details. The door slid open, revealing a long, dark corridor just as before. Except this time, it was obvious that it did not lead to the desert of Suldan.

# The Vault's Head Chef
- Geneva warned them that being inside a metavault could cause their perception of time to rapidly speed up or slow down, meaning it was possible that time in realspace could move incredibly fast while they were inside. She also said that since they had the solution to enter, they could return and make preparations before properly exploring the vault's interior.
- CF deliberated on this for a moment, but the general team sentiment was that they should act quickly and go ahead into the vault now.
- Geneva noticed the shadowy silhouette of a person walking towards them down the corridor. She drew her SMG and trained it on the figure, shouting a warning to them that she wished them no harm, but would not hesitate to act in self-defense. The lancers joined her in preparing for a potential attack.
- Junior, not being one to wait, unleashed a swarm of nanites directly toward the figure. But the nanites seemed to simply disappear before making contact with them.
- The figure called out, *"What, you don't recognize an old friend?"* in a hearty, male voice.
- He continued approaching before taking a long object out from behind his back and putting it on top of his head - a chef's hat. It was **Juan Tismon**!
- The squad happily greeted their old friend/god. Geneva was confused but accepted CF's explanation that this was a familiar face.
- Juan greeted Shrike, Scimitar, and Dominus, and then realized Junior had never met him before, so they exchanged an introduction with Zara adding Junior's real name, J'lio Kimoto III. Juan said, *"I figured as much."*
- Juan explained that Bannerjee was correct in saying that an artifact awaited at the end of this vault which would greatly aid them in the fight against Glorinda Mavvius. But to get there, the lancers would need to pass through a "web of illusions" and prove that they could succeed in a series of trials.
- When Geneva was considering joining the squad for the adventure, she asked Juan if it was safe. *"Oh, ha-ha! Of course it's not safe."* She decided to remain in the pedestal chamber. Juan conjured an endless plate of spaghetti and meatballs for her to enjoy as she needed.
- The jolly chef began walking back through the corridor before Shrike interrupted him and asked what he knew about Apep, the Chaos Snake. Juan simply froze and thought about his reply for a few moments. *"I know a great deal. I can tell you everything. But I hope you understand that I would prefer to do so in a drip feed style rather than all at once. Proceed through the vault's trials and I will tell you."*
- When questioned on why he couldn't just bring the artifact to them, he reminded them of something he once told them: *"I could do it myself, yes. But it would be better if you did."*
- With no more pressing questions or objections, Juan began traversing the corridor. *"Off we go!"*

# The Lobby
- Juan beckoned the squad to follow: *“Come now, my friends! The vault awaits. Keep your eyes and ears open, and trust your gut instincts. Or else this place might just swallow you up like a pasta noodle.“*
- At the end of the corridor, they found themselves in a dark room lit only by light from a skylight window. They could tell that the walls, floor, and ceiling were opulently decorated, not unlike the aesthetic of the *Eden* space station. Several doors lined each wall, but the wall directly opposite from the corridor contained nothing but a door-shaped hole, leading to seemingly nothing behind it but gray and white light.
- Juan warned them: *“That room is your final destination. But do not enter it yet! By this point, the vault has identified you as foreign entities. It’s normally only open to Julian Khan. Since none of you are him, you’ll need to go through each of the trials first."*
- CF asked Juan some questions about the metavault. He explained a few key details; notably, the metavault is an entity in and of itself - it does not have an NHP running the place, so to speak. Also, Julian Khan would have stumbled upon it in the past and progressed through its trials to earn ownership of the place. CF would be able to overtake him as the owner if they did the same. Because...that's just how some metavaults work, apparently.
- The squad would find a different trial behind each door in this room. Each door was flanked by two dim orange torches.
- Juan would wait here in the lobby, in his food truck that was always there.

# Trial of Remembrance
- He recommended that CF start with the door that contained a small carving of an owl on its surface, as that seemed to be the safest trial. Before heading in, he tossed a baseball to Zara, thanking her for opening a Garfield's in the city. The ball disappeared and she was confused, but he said that it would make sense later.
- CF entered the trial, which took the form of a classroom. A bird cage lowered from the ceiling containing a 2D pixelated owl which began speaking in a very flat voice: *"Kahoot, kahoot, welcome to the trial of remembrance and knowledge. I am Hootie and I will be your host. Please stand by so that the vault can scan you for information on your journey."*
- At that point, dozens of appendages resembling eye stalks emerged from the walls, floor, and ceiling of the classroom, and began scanning each member of CF. Junior was particularly intrigued by this, and interfaced with this process in its own special way. It realized this place was as weird as it was, and the process did not approve of all the people Junior had consumed in the past.
- After the scans were complete, the appendages retracted and the lancers took their positions at the podiums. The screen showed a series of questions that seemed highly unusual, referencing strange terms like "NPC templates" and "GM Colton." Yet somehow, they were able to accurately recall knowledge relating to these terms. It was very strange, all around.
- At the end of the quiz, Shrike proved himself to be the most knowledgeable about this very unusual subject matter. Hootie said that this trial was more of a way for the vault to gain a better understanding of who they were. Apparently there would be a bonus prize for Shrike, but for now, he would need to settle for a delicious meatball sub prepared by Juan.
- The torches flanking this trial's door turned green, indicating a success.
- Shrike was then given a diary by the metavault. It simply contained dozens of pages showing an image of an opossum in a military helmet... But this would somehow come in handy during combat.

# Juan's Story - Overview
- Juan gave the squad a brief overview of the story of Apep, Metat Aun, and himself.
- *“I did promise to share some information with you as you proceeded through the trials. Where to begin… Well, I suppose I should give you a broad overview. You know by now that the Firmament is the domain of my brother, Metat Aun. And blinkspace is my domain. But they were not always separate dimensions. Indeed, in an age so unfathomably long ago, they were one and the same. Apep was…one of us - the strongest of us."* 
- *"He drew his power from the very essence of our reality. In fact, we all did, but Apep discovered a way to position himself to totally overwhelm our domain, and all of us along with it. We had to take drastic action. Metat Aun and I activated…I suppose it’s accurate to call it a weapon…which tore apart the very fabric of reality, forever splitting it. The Firmament went with my brother, blinkspace went with me, and the rest was eventually inherited by you - humanity.”*
- *“This fracturing of space and time halted Apep’s scheme. With everything now split and reordered, the ambient energy that he was funneling into his essence was astronomically lower than it had been before. This abrupt halt allowed my brother and I to overpower him, and seal him away in a prison of sorts. His innate strength prevented us from truly putting an end to him, so we had no choice but to ensure that he would fall into a kind of deep sleep, and to never let him wake up. Unfortunately, our plan was doomed from the start.”*
- Juan paused the story there and promised to delve into Apep's rise to power in the next portion.

# Trial of the Bastion
- In the next trial, CF were transformed into the bodies of massive stone titans in a post-apocalyptic world, with dark cloudy skies, lightning flashing in the distance, and the ruined remains of civilization all around.
- In the distance directly in front of them, a huge shadowy entity of pure destruction barreled toward them.
- They also heard the screams of hundreds of people behind them - it was a mountain full of survivors who were sheltering here. It was clear that the entity would destroy them if CF didn't do something to prevent it.
- Scimitar attempted to move toward the entity in preparation for a fight, but all of them discovered that the huge stone bodies were extremely slow and difficult to move. Thus, a fight would be off the table.
- They tried moving slightly away from the entity's trajectory toward the mountain, hoping to distract it and cause it to focus on them instead. But it just kept speeding toward the mountain - its only goal.
- Dominus remembered an old Cradle story in which a boulder rolled down a hill, and a group of people formed to try and stop it. Once they realized it could not be stopped, they decided to try redirecting it instead.
- So CF did the same by forming a huge wall of rock with their bodies in hopes that it would cause the entity to bounce off of them at an angle, sparing the mountain.
- It worked! The entity was angled to go past the mountain, and sped off into the distance, not to be seen again. As the titans' bodies crumbled from the force with which they had been struck, the people on the mountain cheered for their sacrificial protectors.
- The lancers were restored to their original bodies in a plain room within the vault, and this trial was marked as a success.

# Trial of the Hunter
- In this trial, CF were unchanged but found themselves in a forested wilderness at night.
- There were noises coming from the trees and bushes surrounding them, as though something was running quickly from place to place. Catching a glimpse of the creature, they could tell that it was a large quadruped resembling a wolf and bear.
- Shrike took aim, prepared to fire at it. But it turned out to have moved around them before leaping out from an expected position. Shrike whirled around and quickly killed it at the precise moment it nearly reached their group.
- More noises became audible close to their position, and the squad immediately realized they were being hunted by a whole pack of these hostile creatures.
- They managed to narrowly survive at first before deciding to turn the fight around and go on the offensive, with Scimitar donning her silver veil to move unseen through the forest, Shrike lighting up a makeshift torch, and Dominus charging through the underbrush to startle the creatures.
- Standing atop a large rock, Rho soon came face to face with the “alpha" of these creatures! It was larger than the rest and had a large pair of curled horns on its head like a ram.
- The squad worked together to take down the beast, with Scimitar cracking open a cold can of Devil! Black, then jumping on the alpha and rodeo-ing it.
- She was able to contort the creature into a position allowing Shrike to land the killshot, and it fell dead to the ground, letting out one final growl in its death throes. The rest of the pack scattered into the night.
- The scene faded to another plain room in the vault, and this trial was marked as a success.


# Juan's Story - Apep's Rise
- Juan continued the story, this time explaining more detail about his people, their way of life, and how Apep threatened all of that.
- *“You recall earlier when I said Apep was the strongest of us? Our people were proud - we valued the pursuit of knowledge, the pursuit of perfection of physical form, the mastery over our paracausal gifts. We were not unlike humans, at the end of the day. And like humans, there will always be that certain few who wish to impose their will on everyone else. For us, that role was played by Apep…and also me. You see, my brother and I were raised to inherit the leadership of our people. Familial rivals. As long as we had lived up to a certain point, we both expected and desired the position of ultimate power. Yet we knew that it would go to only one."*
- *"Apep had an unusually strong connection to the ambient energy that surrounded all things, and he could beat any challenger in a duel. When he appeared on the scene as a new candidate for leadership, my brother and I were humiliated by him; Apep showed everyone how weak we were compared to him. The choice for our leader became no contest. Not long after that, he announced his plan to restore the natural order of the universe.”*
- *"Before I proceed further, there is something else you must understand about our old way of life. When our people died, their metaphysical spirits would pass into the afterlife. For us, that was a very literal thing. Our ancestors had devised a system, sort of like a simulation, where we could live eternally in a realm of paradise after our bodies had aged beyond their years. The afterlife was, of course, overseen by our supreme leader. Apep ascended to that position, and announced his true desire for our future - that the afterlife be destroyed, and all the souls within unleashed back into the world."*
- *“This was met with universal shock and confusion. For eons, the afterlife was no mere religious idea, it was a demonstrable PROMISE to each and every person that they should not have to fear what lay ahead. It was a pillar of our institutions, our lifestyles, our perceptions of ourselves and understanding of existence. And Apep would tear it all down. In the name of what? Greed? Pride? No. It was something more disturbing, more…understandable.”*
- The rest of the story was saved for later.

# Trial of Experience
- This was a mech combat-based trial, so Juan pulled some strings for the squad and got the metavault to recreate their chassis inside.
- The metavault warned the squad that this fight would be slightly different than any they had previously participated in. The pilots and their surroundings subtly shifted, taking on a more "angular" form... (A square map???)
- The fight involved foes representing many of the opposing factions CF had encountered before. VR "Contract Killer" = Void Reapers; John Son II = the Second Sons; Arrriana Grande = the Grand Company; #Blessed = the Chosen; Loyalest Khan = Julian Khan Loyalists; Khepri Sun = Dr. Virga's horrors; Harold = Heralds of the Third Dawn; Bird Claw = the Talons; and Marlon Dustbrando = the Dustbranded.
- CF lost a decent bit of mech structure, but Shrike remained untouched thanks to being a priority target from the Contract Killer and maintaining a backline position.
- The team decidedly won the fight by destroying all opponents, and the metavault marked this trial as a success.

# Juan's Story - The Afterlife
- Juan continued the story, this time explaining why Apep sought to destroy the afterlife.
- *“We left off with the part about how Apep had ascended to the highest position of leadership of our people, then announced his intention to end the afterlife system and release the spirits of the dead back into the world. The reason why he wished to do this was an enigma at first. Nobody was strong enough or willing enough to press him as to why he desired this. My brother and I decided to put our differences aside and do our own secret investigation. We found evidence that Apep had been obsessed with the afterlife since he was young, and grew skeptical of it after happening upon an ancient text which had been authored by our ancestors. This text had alluded to the fact that there was more going on with the afterlife than met the eye.”*
- *“It was known that the afterlife was managed by a program named SET. Apep discovered that SET was actually an acronym, standing for ‘Spiritual Entropy Tether.’ On the surface, it sounded normal enough, at least nothing bizarre for what the afterlife was - a system which prevented spirits from dissipating into the universal aether; in other words, keeping their entropy tethered to reality. But Apep became suspicious of this, mainly due to our ancestors never explaining *exactly* how SET or the afterlife worked at all. His research led him to believe that the entire program was a great deception of some kind.”*
- *“Sadly…he was not wrong in this assessment. Metat Aun and I sought to verify the claims Apep had made in his notes. We went to him and asked of the truth behind SET and the afterlife, hoping to merely hear out his claims in order to prod at his true motivations. He told us that the entire system was a lie that our ancestors established in order to boost the prosperity of the living - literally. Sensing our shock and confusion, but also our desire for the truth, he took the opportunity to show us so that we could see for ourselves, rather than try hiding it from us.”*
- *“He brought us to SET, and used the emergency override protocol to show us a forbidden glimpse into the afterlife. What my brother and I saw was…pure horror. The spirits who had been bound to the afterlife were not living in an eternal paradise, but the exact opposite. It was hell. SET was not merely keeping their spirits tethered to reality, but also keeping up a regular schedule of torture and torment, in order to extract their entropic essence as they cried out in pain. This essence was then sent through an extended refining process of sorts, through which it would become converted into a source of energy, and subtly dispersed throughout the universe. Our people were able to draw from and exploit this energy…we had been exploiting it for nearly our entire existence. Over time, as our elders would die and be sent to the afterlife, the stream of this energy grew wider, allowing our people to continue growing and flourishing. A self-sustaining cycle.”*
- *“Apep explained that he could not allow this horrific system to proceed any longer. Though our people had made enormous strides in societal and metaphysical advancement as a result of the afterlife, it had come at an unfathomable cost. My brother and I were actually swayed to his perspective and agreed to help end this madness. But when Apep told us of what would happen upon doing so, we…made an extremely difficult decision. One that part of me regrets every single day of my existence.”*
- *“That is where we shall pause the story, for now. When we return, I will tell you what my brother and I did, how the fracture occurred, and what became of Apep in the time since then.”*

# Trial of the Mirror
- CF moved on to the next trial behind the door with the symbol of a cracked mirror.
- In this room, the walls, floors, and ceiling were all mirrored surfaces. They could see reflections of themselves stretching out into infinity. They also found that upon walking around, they were getting no closer to any of the surfaces.
- Suddenly, their reflections began to vanish until there was only one per person, and they also could no longer see each other.
- Dalton's reflection showed a version of himself who was extremely angry about being good at nothing aside from killing. Rho's reflection was a version of himself who was scared and nervous about being unable to protect his friends, if he found himself without a weapon. Zara's showed an extremely sad version of herself, depressed about ultimately not being particularly special aside from her mechs granting her combat skill in the arena.
- The lancers had to convince their reflections that these feelings were not necessary, and in doing so, they learned a few things about themselves...
- Shrike convinced his reflection that they are natural born killers, but it is ultimately about the reason behind their killing that really matters.
- Rho explained to his that even without weapons or physical tools, they were still perfectly capable of handling conflicts - look at how they were able to grow and strengthen the Peerless.
- Zara picked her reflection up by accepting the fact that she was just some random person who just so happened to be a slave in early life, and that's okay because it's not just about oneself - it's the relationships and allies that you can cultivate which will lead to greater things.
- Junior's reflec- >//ERROR ERROR ERROR WARNING WARNING WARNING
- As all of the reflections were swayed by their real-world counterparts, the squad was returned to the normal metavault room and this trial was marked as a success.

# Trial of Resonance
- The next trial caused the squad to take the forms of disembodied spirits moving throughout a scale model of a universe.
- They noticed a planet explode, followed soon by another. Shrike took a closer look and noticed a spaceship moving from planet to planet, destroying them as it traveled. He tried to do something to interfere with the ship, and successfully stopped it, holding it in place.
- He then reached out to communicate with the beings on the ship. They responded to him, telling him that they were trying to destroy a different faction of people in this universe who were, in turn, trying to destroy them.
- The other faction quickly became apparent, with massive planet-scale missile launchers that were aimed at the first faction's planets.
- Both factions repeated the same thing: "We need to destroy them before they destroy us first!" There was no clear right or wrong side in this scenario.
- The squad attempted to cool the tension between these factions, but to little avail. Dominus took a unique approach by embracing his status as a godlike being, demanding worshippers go out and preach the word that destroying other planets was a sin.
- Ultimately, Shrike was able to convince both factions to simply try diplomatically negotiating with each other, agreeing to a truce and a ceasefire. "The only way to win this game is not to play."
- Although the squad nearly failed, they did in fact end up succeeding at this trial.

# Juan's Story - The Fracture
- The next chapter of Juan's story explained what he and Metat Aun ended up doing which led to the fracture.
- *“When my brother and I learned the truth of SET’s afterlife, we agreed to help Apep bring an end to it. He told us that the only way to do so would be to completely tear it down. All the spirits contained within would be free to rejoin the fabric of reality. The metaphysical energy that flowed to all of us would cease. We would gradually lose our abilities over time, and children would no longer be born with an innate connection to them. These were acceptable terms.”*
- *“However, there would be another, more dire effect of dismantling the afterlife. The spirits, even when liberated from their hell, would never be the same. Those who had suffered thousands of years of torture had lost all semblance of who they once were. There was no way of knowing what they would do with their remaining essence and power. Apep outright told us that they would likely pose a destructive threat to a significant amount of the population. And whether they could even be stopped after being unleashed remained a completely unknown factor. In other words - bringing about an end to the afterlife had the potential to bring about an end to our entire reality.”*
- *“This was a risk Apep was willing to take - unwilling to abide by the preservation of that hellish ecosystem more than he was willing to preserve the safety of the real world. He showed us how he intended to accomplish this plan: a weapon crafted by some of our most intelligent minds, with guidance from him. To activate the weapon, it would require the power of at least three of the strongest among us. Apep himself volunteered, and it only made sense for my brother and I to fill the rest of the weapon’s needs.”*
- *“In private, my brother and I did not know what to make of this situation at first. We discussed it at length and eventually settled on our ultimate decision: we would continue playing along with Apep’s plan until the final moment. We simply could not put our own world at risk. When it came time to use the weapon to kill SET and break open the afterlife, Metat Aun and I were supposed to direct a huge portion of our own essences into the weapon, then route it to Apep. The first thing, we did as instructed. But before we empowered Apep, we instead diverted the stream in a way that caused it to go to SET instead. You see, in our private research into Apep’s findings, we found that he noted a theoretical limit to SET’s capabilities. If we pushed it past that limit, it would be effectively neutralized.“*
- *“Our last ditch plan actually worked. SET was destroyed, and the afterlife remained intact. Metat Aun and I had both essentially died during the process, but our spirits were able to swiftly move in and take SET’s place. Sadly, Apep caught on to what we were doing in the blink of an eye, and threw a huge wrench into our plan. As we assumed control of the system, he lashed out with an immense burst of energy, causing the afterlife to lose what little stability it had remaining. In doing so, he fell unconscious. Even for one as strong as him, it was too much to fully withstand. And he very nearly accomplished his original goal. But my brother and I were equally quick improvisers…”*
- *“The two of us, in our elevated forms, managed to cordon off the spirits safely, and preserve large portions of the afterlife. My portion would come to be known by humanity as blinkspace, and my brother’s as the Firmament. The spirits who went with him were the ones relatively new to the afterlife - the ones who still had their sanity and subjectivities: they are whom you know as souls. The ones in my portion were far beyond any resemblance they had with their former selves - they are whom you know as nonhuman persons. As part of this preservation of portions of the afterlife, each one became imbued with unique aspects of my brother and me, respectively. This is why, I imagine, souls and NHPs struggle to perceive each other in reality.”*
- *“Of course, the fracture brought about an end to our entire way of life. My people continued to live, albeit without their powers. I am honestly not sure if any of them are still out there, or if they died off long before humanity evolved.”*
- *“When we continue the story, I will tell you what became of Apep, and how he is almost returned.”*

# Trial of Legacy
- The metavault spoke: *“The time has come for the final trial. Proceed to the door marked with the torch symbol. The Trial of Remembrance tasked you with reflecting on your journey. The Trial of the Bastion tested your resolve to place yourselves in harm’s way. The Trial of the Hunter tested your abilities to face an overwhelming foe and overpower it. The Trial of Experience required you to prove yourselves worthy of claiming victory against old opponents. The Trial of the Mirror brought you face to face with your worst aspects and demanded that you reassert control over yourselves. The Trial of Resonance required you to bring peace to a galaxy of chaos and violence. Now, the Trial of Legacy will force you to come to terms with who you are as a squadron, as a team. Show that you are all worthy of the vault, and it shall be yours. Think about what you want your legacy to be.”*
- This was another test of mech combat. The lancers found themselves in an unusually bright and colorful arena, with a song playing about them!
- The enemies in this fight were versions of the mechs they had used in the past, including Titan (aegis), Long March to Heaven (crusader); Man's Best Friend (mirror); Zeus (morningstar); Handle with Care, Please (lich); Gentlemen, Please, Stop (ronin); Drowned in Love (ultra scourer); Iron Rain (scout); My Favorite Diplomatic Strategy (sentinel); Charon (sniper); Morta (strider); and last but not least, Punished "Venom" Sigma (specialist) - a reflection of Rho fighting in his Madrigal suit!
- Each member of CF had to state what they wished their legacy to be in order to successfully complete the sitrep.
- Scimitar: Freedom for the people of Suldan, free from the Emir’s tyranny.
- Shrike: Remove obstacles standing in the way of Union’s grand vision for peace and prosperity for all intelligent life.
- Junior: To make everyone as free to pursue their dreams as I was. And to also...was I as dreams their PURSUE to free as EVERYONE make to
- Dominus: (TBD)
- Additionally, a bonus objective was offered - to destroy all 4 "designated NPCs" before the end of the fight. CF accomplished this of course, and their reward will be to ask the metavault any yes or no question about life, the universe, history, and so on.
- The sitrep nearly came down to the wire, but CF secured victory. The metavault congratulated them and said that the vault now belonged to them.

# Charlie Foxtrot's Legacy - Lyrics
- In shadows born on Demeter’s shore,
A soldier forged in Paragon’s lore.
A shard of Osiris’ might,
Awakens within, a cosmic fight.

Ascend, withdraw, I must decide,
In the depths of silence to confide.
To embrace the power, or let it fall,
Shrike's choice awaits, heeding the call.

From nostalgia’s grasp to Union’s grace,
Rho walks a path, redemption to trace.
A leader reborn against tyranny’s reign,
In Dominus’ hands, hope’s fire to maintain.

Ascend, withdraw, I must decide,
In the depths of silence to confide.
To embrace the power, or let it fall,
Dominus' oath, heeding the call.

Desert sands, a crucible’s heat,
In chains of gladiators, destiny to meet.
From slave to warrior, she rose to fame.
Now Scimitar’s blade seeks to reclaim.

Ascend, withdraw, I must decide,
In the depths of silence to confide.
To embrace the power, or let it fall,
Scimitar's resolve, heeding the call.

Transcending realms, an enigma’s quest.
In humanity’s world, a peculiar guest.
Nonhuman person, Ra ordained,
Through centuries’ cycles, Junior remained.

Ascend, withdraw, I must decide,
In the depths of silence to confide.
To embrace the power, or let it fall,
Junior's essence, heeding the call.

United in purpose, in the face of the Chosen,
Charlie Foxtrot stands, valor unbroken.
Against the Aun, they hold the line,
Supreme ascendancy, their fates entwined.

Ascend, withdraw, we will decide.
In unity, strength we find.
To embrace our power, or let it fall.
Charlie Foxtrot’s legacy heeding the call.