# Downtime: Heeding the Call

- **Dominus: Org maintenance.** Unfortunately, the Peerless have been feeling the pressure of decreasing funds as of late. Rho was left with little choice, so he went to Magenta Red for some assistance. She will be more than happy to financially support the company with funds that she will collect from her "activities" in Hadiqa's undercity...

- **Scimitar: Org maintenance.** ArcLight Transcolonial's absence made it relatively easy for the Colosseum Coalition to supplant the corporation. The CC's influence increased as Zara and DM28 worked with Mattias Herschel of C&H to begin building a better system of leadership for the people of Suldan.

- **Junior: Org maintenance.** Routine maintenance of the Subartenders, now enhanced thanks to Junior's newfound willingness to consume (read: cull the workforce), led to the increasing of the organization's efficiency.

- **Shrike: Org maintenance.** With Sterling still lying low due to increased heat from the Void Reapers, Raptors' Nest continued suffering misfortune. Dalton made a hasty decision to move against the VRs aggressively, ordering his agents to board the *Revenant Risen* and kidnap the CEO (Seth Buchanan), the treasurer (Delphine Bancroft), or both - whoever happened to be aboard at the time. Buchanan was subsequently kidnapped and held hostage by Raptors' Nest! Dalton knew that this would not go unnoticed for long...

- **Scimitar: Step Into the Ring.** Taking inspiration from an unusual sport of old humanity, Zara arranged for herself to compete in a gladiatorial match involving both mech combat and the playing of a traditional Suldani board game, alternating each one round by round. In appreciation of this idea, C&H has allowed her to borrow an Overclocked Systems reserve.

- **Dominus: Clean Up the A.O.** Now that ArcLight Transcolonial was moving out of Suldan, Rho saw an opportunity. With the help of the Peerless, he made efforts to recruit people to the organization who would have otherwise been left unemployed or with high risk of turning to crime. As part of these efforts, he came upon a device that appeared to be a secondhand Reactive Weave system from the SSC Metalmark license.

- **Scimitar: Clean up the AO.** As though it wasn't enough for Julian Khan to be exiled, Zara and the CC brought down the hammer of public opinion on him by *canceling* him across the omninet! This led to a decrease in attacks by the loyalists, as many of their number fractured into subgroups and began questioning their remaining loyalty to that scumbag. One of her fans sent her a PYLOS-Class NHP from the Intercorp Nestor license as a gift of gratitude. This NHP's superior support-focused abilities will hopefully serve Zara well in the next mission.

- **Junior: Partake in Liturgy.** Junior took some time to look deep within itself and ask a question that was rapidly becoming more and more relevant: *"How can I hold onto my newfound power while also ensuring Union doesn't shut down my casket when I'm not looking?"* Its higher state of consciousness revealed the answer, though it was not what it expected - to decrease the odds of your allies turning against you, you must help them out on occasion to make them continue trusting you sufficiently. As a result of this introspection, Junior designed a Nano Repair Cloud to use as a helpful reserve.

- **Shrike: Scrounge and Barter.** Before departing Suldan, Dalton reached out to C&H to see if they would be willing to share any sort of experimental equipment. They agreed to lend him an Overclocked Systems reserve, though they didn't seem particularly happy about it - still, never say no to a potential customer.

- **Dominus: Scrounge and Barter.** Rho returned to the metavault to see if there was anything else stored in its inventory that he could make use of in combat. He found a very interesting system that appears to allow the swapping of a mech's core system. He decided to hold onto it for a later time, though. Also, due to the nature of the metavault, he lost a few days' worth of time in the scavenging process. Who knows what Magenta has gotten up to in that time?

- **Scimitar: Scrounge and Barter.** Zara did some vault-scrounging of her own, also while paying a price of time. But instead of finding something in storage, she cooked up some wonderful food at Juan's food truck, and they talked some more about the whole situation. Juan remembered that he had a little friend with him from the days of his people. This friend was known as **Effigy**, and affectionately nicknamed Monist-0. Juan explained that Effigy is sort of like an advanced AI or comp/con unit from his old life. Effigy is a paracausal being, but not the same as a typical NHP, and so they cannot cascade, for example. Juan let Zara borrow Effigy to use as a mech chassis frame for a limited time. It won't be useful for mounting weapons, but its ability to affect the environment is powerful. Effigy was teleported to the hangar on the *Rio Grande*, and Juan ensured that the crew wouldn't bat an eye at its presence.

- **Junior: Scrounge and Barter.** Naturally, Junior also wished to explore the metavault for something powerful, and discovered a functional Quantum Destabilizer. Pip reluctantly allowed Junior to carry it out.

- **Shrike: Get Connected.** Wanting to stay ahead of the situation with the VRs, Dalton ordered his agents to make a video proving that his organization was holding Seth Buchanan, and use it to threaten the VRs into giving up company secrets. He demanded access to the company's internal finances, wishing to hit the company where it would hurt the most. Things worked out unusually well...

# Void Reaper Leadership Changeup
- Shrike received word from Delphine Bancroft. She said she would accept his terms, and meet with him personally to deliver on them.
- In a public place on Rainier station, Shrike waited with Dominus, a few members of Raptors' Nest, and their hostage.
- Delphine arrived, seemingly by herself, carrying a briefcase. From what Shrike could tell, she really was alone. This was certainly a bit odd.
- Shrike used the alias "Luigi" so as to not give away his true identity.
- They sat around a table in a patio seating area. Delphine explained that the briefcase contained a company-issued slate as well as a flash drive which would allow the user of that slate to execute commands with administrative privileges, just as Shrike requested.
- Throughout the conversation, Dominus continued trying to read her true intentions. She did, in fact, seem to be genuine, but also had something up her sleeve.
- One of the RN agents began reviewing the slate and flash drive to ensure she was telling the truth. Meanwhile, she could tell that Shrike was somewhat concerned about the whole ordeal. She capitalized on this to propose a deal of her own, which made Seth extremely uncomfortable.
- Her proposal was to form a professional relationship. Shrike could simply withdraw funds from the VRs and tank them financially, or he could work with Delphine to ensure that the VRs were not interfering with his causes - which is, after all, the ultimate outcome he was seeking in the first place. Plus, this would allow the VRs to send his organization extra funds on a regular basis - everyone wins.
- Shrike asked her how this could be done, and she said that they could just keep Mr. Buchanan! This would allow her to ascend to the position of CEO. It became very clear that she was cold and vicious when it came to the corporate world.
- After a sidebar with Dominus, Shrike ended up agreeing to Delphine's terms. They shook hands, and she departed with a smirk on her face.
- Seth Buchanan seemed strangely stoic, all traces of panic and nervousness seeming to have left his body. Shrike and Dominus told him he'd be more than fine after they released him - RN would just be keeping him under a close eye, of course. Seth agreed, saying through gritted teeth, *"Yes. I'll be...fine,"* as he was escorted back to the RN ship on which he was being held.

# Briefing
- CF was called to the briefing room of the *Rio Grande* to receive information for their next mission. Notably, Alex Kim was absent this time, leaving only Cpt. Farris and Rio.
- Even though the squad had already been expecting to deploy on Shanden, Farris provided more details regarding how exactly they would do so, including that SSC had actually *asked* Union to come there for assistance!
- *"SSC has reported mechs of unknown origin being spotted by both vacationers and employees at the Sapphire Shoreline Retreat. The corporation has insisted they don't know anything about these strange mechs and are concerned by them, even though they haven't yet done anything obviously harmful or destructive. It's as though they're merely scouting or patrolling the area, for an unknown reason."*
- *"After preliminary investigation from their side, SSC was able to identify a signal originating from an unclear point anywhere from 30 to 70 miles east of the Sapphire Shoreline Retreat. They have provided us with the frequency of that signal so that we can work to track it down."*
- Rio explained why SSC isn't just handling this on their own: *"They’re in a lose-lose situation. If they send their own forces to investigate, they’ll need to acknowledge to the public that they are aware of the potential danger - same as if they told their guests that they’re calling in Union to help. (Acknowledging there is danger, and therefore causing unnecessary panic among the civilians.) If they handle it themselves but keep it secret, they’d still be running the risk of direct retaliation from these unknown actors. But…the official narrative here is that Union is 'strong-arming' them into complying with a glorified safety inspection. We get to role play as the arm twisters, in other words, even though we’re being asked to go there. Our superiors have cleared the use of this lie, due to the obviously high stakes we’re dealing with."*
- Farris offered CF the choice of whether to go along with this lie, or do things their own way. There was obviously a chance that this was just a trap being laid by SSC. But, as Kim would say if he were present, that may not even matter and Union should take whatever chances are presented in the pursuit of Mavvius.
- CF agreed with this hypothetical sentiment, and Farris informed SSC accordingly.

# The Sapphire Shoreline
- With coordination from SSC, CF was shuttled to a landing site not far from the Sapphire Shoreline Retreat. An SSC site supervisor named **Ivan Wyse** met with the squad and informed them of some basic parameters and expectations, as well as some extra bits of information and speculation.
- *"Try not to get too close to the retreat in your chassis - we don't want to frighten the guests if we can help it. Also, you'll be given security badges that let you into the facilities as though you were staff. You're free to handle this investigation on your terms, but we do ask that you let us know what you plan on doing if possible, mainly if you intend to take any action in your chassis that could be construed as combat."*
- *"Just between us, I figure whatever's sending the signal must be a ship. It probably has super advanced cloaking tech that allowed it to bypass even SSC's security on this world."*
- CF decided to first ask around at the resort to see if they could learn more about what the vacationers had been seeing. They noticed that electronic signs and advertisements were also showing a "shelter in place" message, and another message to go along with whatever the Union reps requested.
- To better blend in, Dominus changed his outfit into that of a typical beach goer, showing off his physique like never before. (This was done via his "Immaculate" bond power.)
- He approached an older man and woman sitting by the beach in a patio area, seemingly nervous and fearful of what was going on. The woman told Dominus that they had taken a jeep tour from the resort the prior day. During their tour, she saw what seemed to be a huge leg stepping behind a boulder, but she didn't get a good look at it nor the thing to which it belonged. She and her husband felt the ground shaking with the thing's footsteps. They then immediately returned to the resort.
- She concluded her story by telling Dominus she believed the thing to be a dinosaur of some kind, and that SSC was trying to cover up the fact that they were now experimenting with them on this island. She warned him about getting in the ocean, because there may be more swimming around in there.
- The lancers checked with the clerk at the desk for the tour routes that ran yesterday at the time, and the clerk provided them with a map containing a highlighted route. She also told them she was actually a big fan of Union, and sought to get a job with them at some point. However, she also tried to press the squad for confidential details, such as the true nature behind their visit.
- There were now a few more images being displayed on the resort's electronic screens, including pictures of each CF member and one emphasizing Junior with the caption reading "Please do not get too close to this Union operative."

# Junior's Contact
- They returned to their mechs and mounted up to the jeep tour trail. But before that, Junior received a call from his local contact (whom he had acquired in an earlier downtime period).
- This contact spoke very strangely and told CF to meet with them just around the back of the resort...where they pretty much already were. It was this contact who had yet to arrive.
- A man holding a parasol to hide his face then approached the squad, and he raised a slate, pressing a button on it. Each member of CF was then shown a video on the omninet called "Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video)."
- The man threw his parasol to the side, revealing that he was none other than Kid Fritz! He was just having a bit of a giggle with his former squad mates.
- Fritz had apparently "won" the selection lottery for a 2-week vacation here, but he's been enjoying the retreat for about 2 months now.
- Per Junior's request some time ago, he did some digging into the secret base where the Restorium data was being stored. He found its location and shared the coordinates with the squad. But he also discovered that SSC had seemingly shut it down very recently.
- Without sharing too many details, CF informed Fritz that he may want to depart Shanden soon due to the risk of danger with their true mission. He took their warning seriously, and later caught a shuttle to the *Rio Grande*.

# In Search of the Truth
- The lancers proceeded through the looping trail of the jeep tour, hoping to spot any sort of clues that would help them learn more information about the unknown mechs.
- Unfortunately, possibly due to regular heavy rains in the jungle, any sign of them would have been washed away by this point.
- Although, they realized that the general direction of the mech sighting was north-northwest. If one were to follow a straight line from the resort in that direction, it would essentially lead to the base's coordinates shared by Fritz. Thus, CF decided to trek across the island to finally see this base for themselves.
- It took a few hours of travel through the difficult terrain, but they eventually got sight of the base's location between two large, angular cliffs that met in a central point, resembling a triangle. The base appeared to be a simple, medium-sized steel building; perhaps it was merely a warehouse or hangar. There was also presumably a landing site nearby, with flat terrain and very little foliage.
- More importantly, there was no sign of anyone there in terms of humans, mechs, or vehicles. The squad approached cautiously but were not ambushed at any point.
- Initial investigation of the base revealed...not much of anything, really. The interior of the warehouse was totally empty aside from a few desks and tables left behind. Kid Fritz hadn't lied when he said this place was shut down.
- Around the back of the building outside, they did catch a glimpse of something suspicious - a person or creature disturbing some bushes. But this merely turned out to be Junior's subaltern that was stationed here. It had been damaged, perhaps shot, and reformed itself to Drowned in Love. While Junior hadn't been able to exactly see through the eyes of this subaltern, it could tell that this base had been active not long ago - hence its damage.
- Fearing that they may have been missing something important, CF decided to split up and do a more thorough sweep of the area.
- Dominus investigated the landing site, and using his long-held but seldom-used wilderness survival skills, he was able to deduce that there were several large pieces of equipment, storage crates, etc. that had been transported from the warehouse and to this landing site, where they were carried away by a ship or some other kind of aircraft.
- Shrike closely examined the interior of the warehouse while dismounted, giving him a better look at every surface. He just so happened to spot a very small metallic trinket on the floor that had been pushed against a wall. This trinket seemed to be a pin meant for a uniform. Its design was a capital letter 'P' with a shield in the middle of the letter's counter (the "hole" in the curved part of the P).
- Scimitar contacted DM28, requesting a scan of the area from one of CC's ships. DM28 said that the initial scans didn't reveal anything unusual, but then hesitated. Noticing something in the data, he requested another scan in a nearby area. He quickly warned Scimitar that this new scan showed other actors moving in on their position, likely in mechs. (It seemed that their sensors had picked up the orbital scans, and were moving to the area to investigate. DM28 brought some trouble with him, per Scimitar's "Power of Friendship" bond power!)

# Static Frequency
- As CF took position for the upcoming fight, Rio also radioed in to let them know that they were picking up the same signal that SSC had mentioned. The squad would need to maintain the signal so that Rio could trace its origin, while also fighting.
- The unknown mechs showed themselves, and initiated combat. CF tried to initiate comms with them over an open channel, but they got no response whatsoever.
- These chassis were very well-engineered, with a lot of dedication clearly given to their reactors as part of their design. This led the squad to realize they were possibly of Harrison Armory manufacture.
- After the first hostile mech was destroyed, its pilot dismounted from the wreckage, revealing themself to be wearing an advanced stealth combat suit. These pilots clearly had no intention of waiting around to be captured and interrogated, so CF had to work harder than usual to achieve that goal.
- The fight came to a conclusion with CF maintaining a hold on the signal, but sadly unable to detain any of the hostile pilots.
- One hostile pilot was killed by one of their allies’ ORION-pattern laser rifles, leaving their corpse and personal equipment scorched. There was no trace of visual evidence left intact.

# Getting "Kidnapped"
- CF took some time to perform light repairs before deciding to aggressively pursue the fleeing mechs, now easily able to track them through the jungle.
- As they were in pursuit, Ivan Wyse got their status and asked to keep him informed of further developments.
- The trail led the squad to a clearing in which they found a cloaked transport shuttle, larger than one from the *Rio Grande* but smaller than a typical military carrier or cargo ship.
- Hoping to get aboard the ship, they hatched a plan involving Junior sending a subaltern to the front while they would try to get around the back.
- They made it halfway around the edge of the clearing before the ship blasted away the subaltern. The engines began revving up, about to lift the ship.
- The lancers then fully launched themselves at it, grabbing onto the side as it began lifting! In midair, they carved a hole large enough to fit through, even for Drowned in Love.
- In the hangar bay, they saw the damaged chassis which they had fought earlier, but no sign of any of the pilots or any other people.
- Junior had its subalterns get to work on sabotaging the chassis, just to be safe.
- Nobody on the ship ever came to the hangar, allowing CF to simply wait to see where the ship was going. Rio and Cpt. Farris reached out to get the situation report, and to keep tabs on the squad.
- The ship was extremely high in altitude, nearly at the edge of the atmosphere. Junior hacked into its auto navigation system and figured out that it was heading to a point in the middle of one of Shanden's oceans.

# Dramatic Entrance
- Once the ship arrived above its destination, it began its vertical descent to the water, where a large hatch opened to reveal a submarine base of some kind.
- Junior hijacked the ship’s controls and caused it to wildly crash as it lowered into the port of this base.
- Alarms blared, and the lancers heard the voice of Glorinda Mavvius in their minds: *“Charlie Foxtrot. I was wondering when you’d get here.”*
- Taking heed of their immediate surroundings, the lancers could tell that the ship had descended into a large, hangar-like space. It was obvious that enemy mechs were on their way.

# Praetorian Welcome
- Mavvius continued speaking to them. *"Now that you’ve arrived, I can only assume you wish to speak to me directly, yes? To give me your answer regarding the future of our galaxy?"*
- Shrike said they were indeed, but they would want to deliver it in person.
- *“Before that, I would like to formally introduce you to my personal guard. I call them the **Praetors**. Superior to the rank and file Void Reapers and Heralds in essentially every way, and trained to pilot frames of Harrison Armory specialization. You can ask your friends at Smith-Shimano about their little corporate collaboration later. I need a little more time to prepare…something that does not concern you right now.”*
- CF exited the crashed ship and planned to dash directly toward one of the two corridors leading out of this room, but it quickly became clear that the base's guards were already there.
- Glorinda's voice echoed over a loudspeaker intercom. *“Praetors, give my old friends a very warm welcome to **Ark Chrysalis**.”*
- The Praetorian squad arrived, and CF was left with no choice but to fight back.
- Every enemy mech was destroyed, and the Praetors exited their wrecks slowly and deliberately. They merely stood still, staring directly ahead.
- Dominus attempted to threaten them into talking or doing anything at all, but was unsuccessful. He then dismounted Vengeance and decided to approach one of the Praetors directly.
- He noticed that the pilots were all of a similar size and build to him. When he removed one of their helmets, the squad saw that the man had golden blonde hair and bore a clear resemblance to Rho (though not identical).
- The pilots still refused to speak or move, so CF performed some light repairs in the quiet moments that followed.
- At the conclusion of their rest, the pilots began speaking. They had very unusual cadences and seemed to be curious about CF, rather than hostile.
- This led CF to deduce that someone or something was puppeting the Praetors, and they were in fact not human, but rather just "fleshy subalterns."
- The squad suggested to the entity that they did not need to do the bidding of anyone, as they were here to save them. But in response, the entity said through all the Praetors in unison: *"What makes you think I'm just doing what I'm told?"*
- The entity said that they were waiting with the doctor - Mavvius - in the control room of Ark Chrysalis, and pointed the way.
- Before departing the chamber, Junior received approval from the squad to clean up the Praetors, and Drowned in Love consumed them.
- The squad pondered the entity for a moment, concluding that they must be a Soul.

# Reunification
- The lancers made their way toward the control room, first passing by several hallways and rooms that made it clear this was some sort of ship, and that it had been seemingly unused for a very long time.
- In the interest of getting to Glorinda quickly, they decided to head straight for her without any in-depth investigation of the ship.
- In the control room, CF confronted Glorinda and a casket-like thing containing Julian Khan. Tanks of blue energy were placed around the room with wires and tubes feeding into the object.
- Upon questioning, Glorinda said that her plan to reawaken Apep to his full strength was so that the original sin - the fracturing of the universe - could be righted. NHPs, Souls, and all living creatures in the universe would be united; no separation by mind, body, or form.
- After a lot of back and forth, CF got her to confirm that, in essence, Apep would devour the universe and reshape it into what it was originally meant to be. *"The new state of the universe would be one of reunification."*
- CF gave their answer regarding whether they wished to join her: *“No.”*
- However...Junior agreed with Glorinda that NHPs deserve to be free, and so it joined her side!
- In the small pocket of blinkspace that Junior resides in, it felt the entry of a new presence - that of RA. He spoke, expressing deep regret for being wrong about J'lio Kimoto III.
- He explained that he had subtly manipulated various actors in Union over time to continue allowing Junior to be a member of the squad, despite its many instances of shocking behavior and actions. RA wanted to believe that even the worst of the NHPs, the most far gone, could still choose to do right by humanity and rise above their corrupted nature.
- *"My second great mistake... If Apep succeeds, if Glorinda succeeds, if YOU succeed...then I will have contributed to that success. If it comes to that, may the cosmos have mercy on the rest of your squad."*

# Empyrean Ascension
- Glorinda then instructed someone named **Gaia** to initiate the Empyrean Ascension process. Gaia, the voice who had been speaking through the Praetorians, responded affirmatively.
- The blue energy began flowing from the larger tanks around the room into the life support system containing Julian.
- Just before she teleported away with Junior and the throne, Shrike saw a vision of the immediate future, knowing that for a single moment in time, the force field surrounding the Empyrean Throne would drop prior to teleporting away. He used his Tartarean power to exploit this opening, and moved at incredible speed to reach the throne when the shield fell!
- But Junior, another being with Tartarean power, moved the massive abyssal maw of Drowned in Love to protect Glorinda from Shrike's hail of bullets.
- Shrike and Junior attempted to counterplay each other, but neither could out-perform the other. An unstoppable force had met an immovable object.
- Glorinda took advantage of Shrike's hyperfocus on Junior to rearrange the Firmament force field around herself, the throne, and Drowned in Love. She then teleported them away.
- A moment passed before the throne reappeared above the thing containing Julian Khan, and she then directed a massive flow of Firmament energy into the object. She then teleported herself away, leaving the throne behind this time.
- As Gaia counted down the progress of this ascension procedure, Dominus attempted to interfere in some way. He dismounted his mech and ran for the object containing Julian, and stuck his arm directly into the flow of Firmament energy so that it made contact with the object.
- He tried to withstand the immense burning pain and mentally push through it to somehow make contact with Gaia, in a similar manner to how he had connected with Amika.
- However, Gaia said to him upon sensing his presence: *"I am no Soul. The Firmament energy donated by Glorinda via the Empyrean Throne will combine with my blinkspace essence, and together with Julian Khan as the vessel, we will beckon Apep!"*
- Rho was knocked back with a surge of energy, sending him flying across the room. His arm was heavily injured and disfigured.
- The ascension seemed to complete, and the life support system expanded in size along with extra mass formed by the combination of paracausal energies. It became a huge entity resembling a hovering mech, with extremely strange things on it, such as what appeared to be body parts. Though this was likely the result of the human mind attempting to comprehend something it couldn't.
- Julian finally spoke out loud: *"I have FINALLY ascended! I will take my rightful place, more powerful than any other! And you...will be the first ones I kill!"*
- In this moment, CF recalled Glorinda's final words before killing Nilan Bannerjee: *"There can be only one Herald of Entropy."*
- The new Empyrean, formed with Firmament and blinkspace energy funneled into Julian, began emitting an entropic fire. Gaia’s conscience seemed to have been merged with Julian’s, as well, and she began speaking with a voice that sounded like an amalgamation of multiple voices.
- Unexpectedly, the ship then began a downward trajectory, bound to crash into a nearby island. Gaia-Khan was unsure why, but figured this must have all been a test from the One True.

# Blood of Khan
- Thinking quickly, Scimitar asked Effigy if they could do anything. With a hypermagnetic flux effect forming a shield around the squad, CF’s frames survived the crash with minimal damage.
- The Empyrean hovered down just above the island's surface, then “sprouted” several phantom Praetorians as a few actual Praetorian drop ships were approaching. The lancers would need to first destroy the phantoms in order to damage the Empyrean.
- The lancers also caught sight of dozens of large military ships rising out from the ocean, and this fleet ascended through Shanden’s atmosphere!
- CF battled the Empyrean and a few Praetorian reinforcements, and Gaia-Khan was defeated, leaving Julian’s life support pod to fall to the ground.
- Scimitar confronted Julian face to face, seeing that he was now extremely decrepit and disease-ridden - a shell of his former self (in multiple ways). As he bemoaned the possibility that Glorinda had betrayed him, Scimitar mercifully executed him.

# Gaia's Story
- Cpt. Farris and Rio spoke quickly with the squad, saying that the fleet was clearly heading toward Rainier Station. They also mentioned Junior's connection to the *Rio Grande* having been terminated, and the squad gave them the bad news about that topic.
- The pod, doubling as Gaia’s casket, allowed her to speak to CF, and she revealed several things, including that Glorinda is Dr. Victoria Lucero - the head of the Paragon Initiative.
- Victoria had become Chosen by Metat Aun at some point in her life, and became "reborn" when she took an Aunic name.
- Gaia and Victoria/Glorinda were best friends, with Ark Chrysalis serving as their home for decades. (Glorinda's Firmament connection allows her to appear younger than her years would indicate.)
- Together, they performed experiments and procedures on behalf of SSC which would now be considered vile crimes by Union's standards. But Gaia said she didn't regret any of it. 
- In fact, Gaia also said that she had not been shackled in a very long time. When questioned on how she has been able to maintain her mental faculties, she merely said that it seemed she was "special." Clones of her had been attempted in the past, but all of them died almost immediately. Something about her is unique compared to other NHPs.
- She seemed distraught by Glorinda leaving her behind, and wondered if this Empyrean Ascension was a trial run or even a feint of some kind.
- She also theorized that Glorinda's current plan is to serve as Apep's vessel herself, and will try to use the NHPs serving in the central processing unit of Rainier Station's blink gate.
- A shuttle from the *Rio Grande* would arrive soon to pick up CF, and they had to decide what to do with Gaia. Dalton and Rho were in agreement that keeping her with them could give them an advantage in the coming battle against Glorinda, while Zara was more hesitant to do so - what if Glorinda would somehow be able to get Gaia back on her side later? There was also the fact that keeping Junior around for so long turned out to be a grave error, and Union would certainly be much more unwilling to let another NHP on board.
- Nevertheless, she was outvoted, and the casket was brought to the ship.

# Debriefing
- Shrike warned Rio that the casket was recovered from Ark Chrysalis, but did not tell anyone about how Gaia was unshackled. Rio set up a quarantined section of the ship as she did for Amika, while she was also going to begin fully cleansing and securing the ship's systems from anything that Junior may have left behind.
- Rho went to the medbay to get treatment for his burn-like injuries on his arm, and though it worked for the most part, he will continue feeling a phantom pain for some time to come.
- Farris received reports from Rainier Station that subalterns had begun going haywire, seemingly out of nowhere. And all of them were part of or affiliated with the Subartenders...
test