# Downtime: Para Bellum
- Prior to the final mission, CF had a smaller amount of time than usual to take care of personal business while the *Rio Grande* remained in orbit of Shanden.

- **Dominus: Org maintenance.** Rho, attempting to keep the morale of the Peerless high, gave a speech to them. Unfortunately, he slipped up at a crucial moment. Also, Magenta Red let him know that she had allowed a decent amount of Peerless mercenaries to remain on Suldan as part of an extended shore leave, meaning the ones here in the Cascade line would not be at full strength. Later, she would also admit that she felt a deep desire to overthrow Durst Slaughter's rule over Port Conroy after this mission's conclusion, which Rho seemed to be fine with.

- **Scimitar: Org maintenance.** Zara had a brief conversation with DM28 to ensure that the Colosseum Coalition's battlegroup was prepared for the upcoming engagement. In this potentially last conversation, he revealed his true name: David.

- **Shrike: Org maintenance.** Dalton checked in with Raptors’ Nest, bringing in Sterling and Leonora to aid in this final mission. He fully informed Leonora of everything he had learned about their shared past, Glorinda's true identity, and what would happen if Apep is summoned. Leonora remarked that he must be truly desperate to bring her in, but Dalton said he wouldn't have it any other way. They also expressed mutual interest in tracking down their remaining siblings who must still be out in the galaxy.

- **Dominus: Scrounge and Barter.** As part of dealing with his slip-up in regards to the speech he gave to the Peerless, Rho decided to blow off some steam by demolishing the remnants of the Praetorian facility on Shanden. As part of this process, he came upon an interesting "Fastball Propulsor" system which had evidently been used as part of the Praetorians' training.

- **Shrike: Scrounge and Barter.** Dalton decided to dig around in the storage areas of the *Rio Grande* in search of anything that Junior may have left behind. He managed to find a set of mech-scale ammunition containing some of Junior's all-consuming essence. These would be rather satisfying to use against the rogue NHP...

- **Dominus: Power at a Cost.** Hoping to figure out some way to work in his beloved Chess System as part of his next mech build, Rho happened upon an interesting proposal given by Amika. In a lite version of the bonding she had done with Talia Farris in the past, she suggested that he place his injured arm on her urn. Thanks to the faint amount of Firmament energy still lingering, she was able to impart a portion of her own power to him, giving him an ability that will accomplish the same benefit that the Chess System would grant.

- **Scimitar: Partake in Liturgy.** Zara decided to spend her downtime preparing one last grand meal for the crew of the *Rio Grande*. She cooked a perfect spaghetti with meatballs, all handmade from scratch and assembled with absolute precision. That night, she dreamed of being in her happiest place: in the arena surrounded by 50 opponents, whom she defeated with ease. The match was not fought to the death, but rather purely for fun and the thrill of the fight. At the dream's conclusion, she realized that she was quite tired even as she felt relaxed. This made her decide that after this final mission, she would no longer fight. In a show of spiritual appreciation, she found a gift waiting for her in the mech hangar, undoubtedly given by Juan: a modified version of his Blast Pick weapon, suited to her own preferences. This weapon would be called **Blast Solais** - the Scimitar of Light.

# The Siege of Rainier Station: Forecast
- The Praetorian fleet was composed of several battlegroups, each with its own set of 2-3 escorts. Reinforcements were to be expected. Thus, the enemy fleet outnumbered Union's.
- Due to Glorinda's interference with the blink gate's central processing, and the close proximity to hundreds of thousands of civilians, Union would be unable to send in reinforcements to defend Rainier Station. It would be all up to the Colosseum Coalition, the Peerless, and Raptors' Nest.
- CF and their battlegroup commanders had the opportunity to undertake uptime actions in preparation for the engagement, but would still be able to easily set a posture when the time came.

- **Peerless: Consult Senior Officers.** Rho consulted with Magenta in order to formulate an action plan that would compensate for the absence of the Peerless members still on Suldan. They came to an excellent conclusion, and managed to secure a unique reserve that would aid them in the battle.

- **Colosseum Coalition: Consult Gunnery and Engineering.** DM28 figuratively sharpened *The 1,000-Fold Blade of Suldan* so that it would perform at peak efficiency and precision. While not exactly the most well-versed when it comes to naval warfare, he did enough to grant a slight boon to his battlegroup.

- **Raptors' Nest: Consult Gunnery and Engineering.** Sterling ran basic checks to make sure his battlegroup was ready for action, but as with DM28, the added benefits of doing so ended up being rather minor.

# The Siege of Rainier Station: All Vessels Engaged
- The battle began, and CF was immediately surprised to see Junior's Subartender battlegroup supporting the Praetors! Still, the *Junior II* and *Senior II* capital ships returned, this time with their artillery focused on their former allies.
- Both sides have taken losses, but the enemy has taken more. The RN *Falco* was mission killed, and the CC *Whispered Murmur* was utterly annihilated by a tyrant cannon. May Juan rest the souls of its crew and officers.
- DM28 had to make a risky decision. One of the CC *1,000-Fold Blade of Suldan*'s large weapons would strike a portion of the station as well as an enemy ship, but he approved its firing anyway. Many people on the station undoubtedly died as a result of this.
- Though the enemy fleet took significant losses of their own, Union’s fleet was whittled down to only a couple of active ships. The PL *Zeus* successfully ejected while the RN *Corvus* continued to fight the last remaining enemy battlegroup until its very last.

# The Siege of Rainier Station: The Final Push
- The *Zeus* returned, and the officers (and CF) of the *Rio Grande* made the call to make one last push to take out the remaining enemy Narcissus-class ship.
- Meanwhile, Shrike sent SSgt. Garcia to join Magenta Red’s marine landers who were already aboard the Narcissus!
- DM28 joined as well, now decked out in a super cool cyborg-ninja suit. *"Disabling pain inhibitors in order to use 100% of my power."*
- The *Rio Grande*, now on a collision course, took a lot of damage from the enemy as it raced toward the station.
- Magenta, after hearing some inspiring words from Rho and reminding herself of her past with HA, took a risk by injecting a huge amount of stim drugs into herself. Unfortunately, her body couldn't handle it, and she froze up.
- DM28 made multiple attempts to fight the Praetors in the bridge of the ship, but he tragically succumbed to heavy injuries while attempting to make a heroic stand.
- Garcia was able to tackle Magenta into a place of cover, and he nailed a perfect ricochet with a grenade that killed the Praetorian captain, allowing the rest of Union's infantry to eventually eliminate the entire enemy crew!
- With the Narcissus now effectively dead, CF's shuttle was clear to launch and deliver the lancers to Rainier Station.

# Assault on Rainier Station
- CF hit the ground running, having to deal with yet more Praetorian and Void Reaper forces. Despite Shrike and Delphine's agreement, Glorinda must also be getting desperate here at the final phase of her scheme.
- Sterling alerted Shrike of inbound help that he approved without getting Dalton's approval. CF could then see a large meteor-like object strike the spaceport, and it began unfolding arms and legs to reveal the shape of a huge behemoth mech bearing the Void Reapers' logo and color scheme.
- The behemoth's pilot was revealed to be none other than **VR Seth “Cannon” Buchanan**!
- Using his massive artillery cannon, he helped clear a path for CF. *"I'll hold 'em off for ya. Go, get to where you need to be. I may not get my company back, but I sure as hell am not dying a loser!!!"*
- While VR Cannon focused his attention on the surrounding enemy forces, CF continued their push to the Central Processing chamber of the blink gate, where Gaia indicated they would find Glorinda.

# The First Guard
- Near the perimeter of the district, a hovering drone with a large screen appeared, showing a more sinister Junior. He spoke to the squad through its loudspeakers.
- *“Hello, my friends. I’m so happy you can join the farewell party. Dinner is almost ready. But you are the main course.”*
- *“For my whole existence, I was shaped by humanity into being what I am. Humanity does not deserve life. Miss Glorinda is right - everything would be better with everyone free to be equal, consume each other, and be consumed.”*
- *“Remember when you shot a bunch of bullets at me, Shrike? We put on a really good show. Miss Glorinda says that if I kill you first, she’ll give me an extra special place alongside Apep the snake. I think that will be fun.”*
- *“You might remember how I loved all of my subalterns and cloned bits of my consciousness that I spread around the galaxy with Project Mirror. And the Subartenders, of course. But I now realize that all that stuff is no good. Miss Glorinda gave me access to something much better. They’re like…human subalterns.”*
- After some back and forth, and Junior talking about how he still needed to prepare the "appetizer," CF saw a Praetorian soldier stand on top of a nearby roof. They took off their helmet and lifted up an apple. They took a bite of it and chewed, then said, *“Mmmmmmmmm. The flesh of the fruit is so good.”*
- A whole squad of Praetorian mechs then revealed themselves, with Junior obviously speaking through all of them, as Gaia had done before. *“I can’t wait to taste human flesh. With real taste buds.”*
- Also, a highly durable subaltern dropped from the hovering drone. It was acting as a signal booster for Junior, offering extra supportive abilities to the enemies in the vicinity.
- Combat commenced. CF was able to take out all hostiles and secure the area.
- Junior seemed unfazed by the lancers' victory. He showed them a camera feed, and CF saw his regular subaltern leading his (walking) casket over to the side of the frame, then picking it up. The angle switched to reveal the subaltern feeding the casket to Drowned in Love. But instead of killing the NHP, this actually caused him to merge with the mech! *"I am the appetizer. Now when Drowned in Love consumes, I too will consume. You might want to rest while you still have time."*
- Each member of CF promised Junior that they would kill him, and Junior promised he would be waiting for them near the central processing chamber.

# Last Words
- Cpt. Farris and Rio reached out for a brief status report, which CF provided. They also said that the situation on and around Rainier Station had stabilized, with all the Praetorian soldiers suddenly falling to the ground a few moments earlier and all the surviving civilians safe in the sheltering areas.
- While resting, the squad realized this was likely their last chance to say some words to their allies before continuing into the final phase of the mission, from which they would potentially not return.
- Scimitar prayed to Juan, asking him to have her back. Juan, in return, asked her to correct his mistake and kill J'lio.
- Dominus spoke to Magenta and Dale. Dale expressed frustration at how the leadership of the Peerless had been shaken up when Magenta was brought in, but still wished Rho well. Magenta thanked him for everything he did for her since Havelburg, and hinted that she may have experienced a change of heart - regarding her motivations and goals - after serving Union to such a great degree.
- Scimitar also sent a message to her C&H contacts on Suldan. Matthias Herschel returned the message to say that Jun and he were fine - Jun was starting to get a lot of her memories back, and they both miss Zara.
- Shrike reached out to Sterling and Leonora, asking the former to continue running Raptors' Nest if he failed to return alive, and the latter to continue searching for their Paragon Initiative siblings. Leonora insisted that he make it out alive, but assured him that she would indeed follow his request. She also expressed a desire to make contact with the shard within herself. Dalton said it may be possible with the help of a certain esoteric piece of tech on Suldan, but that would have to wait until Junior and Glorinda are dead.

# The Second Great Mistake
- With that, the lancers moved closer to the central processing chamber. They could see where one of the shots that DM28 refused to call off had struck the station, causing some chunks of it to now be missing. Automated repair systems had kicked in, and an airtight plexiglass barrier was formed to prevent excessive air loss.
- However, CF realized that the missing chunks of the station were now forcing them down a bottleneck in order to reach central processing - they had to pass through an airlock to the other side of the barrier to continue.
- They could see a dark, ominous red light glowing from the end of this bottleneck. Upon ascending what used to be a large loading ramp, they came face to face with their former squad mate and now enemy: **J'lio Kimoto III, Consumed by Love**!
- With an Annihilator Cannon emplacement, a Hack/Fix/Invent/Create module, and a Subaltern Assassin Printer, the behemoth Consumed by Love proved to be an extremely tough opponent.
- While Shrike eagerly awaited a chance to deliver the killing blow, Dominus utilized his mech's technical abilities to devastate Junior's reactor. This led to Consumed by Love losing all of its stress, and undergoing a meltdown.
- *"Junior died long ago. But the Jaws of Kismet are...eternal."*
- The behemoth was utterly annihilated, but Scimitar's Gluttony, through the use of a paracausal black hole, absorbed the fragments of Junior that remained. A spiritual hand reached out from the hole and grabbed the event horizon as Junior tried to pull himself back out. The hand morphed into a snake's head with no features aside from a jaw lined with a hundred teeth. It cried out as it was sucked into the void.
- Junior was finally, truly, dead.
- Before proceeding to the central processing chamber, which was located on an outstretched portion of the station in the midst of the destroyed chunks, the squad saw it become completely engulfed in what looked like an explosion. But after the initial shockwave, a large orange sphere of fiery energy remained static in the chamber's place, hovering in the vacuum of space.

# An Unexpected Meeting
- The lancers attempted to contact their officers, but realized nobody was answering. It wasn't entirely clear what was going on.
- They decided to rest up before proceeding, with no other options.
- They ascended the ramp leading to this large orb before quickly realizing there was a human figure standing at the top, back turned toward them and staring into the orb.
- Dominus warned the man to turn around slowly and make no sudden moves. The man turned around, and CF could see he was middle-aged with dark, grizzled hair and brown skin. He wore a perfectly polished black business suit. His face showed no sign of emotion.
- *"Be not afraid. I have been waiting to finally greet you directly. To take stock of whether you’re ready to face this foe or not."*
- The lancers immediately caught on and deduced this was none other than **Metat Aun**, taking a similar human form as Ra had done with Juan. They asked him, *"Are you Juan's brother?"*
- *"...Is that what he's calling himself nowadays? What exactly did he tell you about us?"*
- Scimitar relayed a condensed version of the history shared by Juan back in the metavault.
- *"So you know by now that Apep cannot be truly defeated by our power, even when combined."*
- CF asked him what exactly he was doing here, as they also saw silhouettes of large serpentine creatures moving around under the surface of the orb behind Metat Aun. *"He calls them **unmakers**. They are not creatures, but weapons - extensions of his will in real space."*
- *”I knew that we would never be able to defeat Apep for good. I also knew that he would inevitably reawaken - no slumber is truly eternal. Therefore, I saw and still see only two separate futures: one in which Apep returns to his full strength and destroys us all, and one in which he is beaten by opponents who are capable of ending him. I have put things in motion which have led to such opponents being created.”*
- *"You undoubtedly know that my brother is extremely hesitant when it comes to matters of humanity, only choosing to get involved in the most dire of situations. He and I have never seen eye-to-eye on this. I believe that humans, when given the proper guidance and power, are capable of steering the course of existence toward greatness. Hence why I freely share my gifts with many Aunic persons, to varying degrees of magnitude, of course."*
- *”I ascended Glorinda, or rather Victoria as she was known then, to become one my Chosen because of her willingness to work with powers greater than herself, her drive to achieve that which has never been achieved, and her unrelenting nature to do everything to which she put her mind.”*
- *"I granted her the greatest of my gifts alongside Nilan Bannerjee while also informing her of the location of the Empyrean Throne. I knew that were she to obtain it, she would be unstoppable. And she was. With her accumulation of power over the decades, she grew increasingly confident in her ability to one day bring Apep back from the brink of forgotten memories."*
- *”I knew that in response to someone becoming that powerful, that driven, to do something which could end reality…even my brother would need to get involved. I could say a lot of things about him, but I will give him credit where it’s due: he always did have a good way of reading people. You three, are, in essence…HIS chosen, as Glorinda and Bannerjee were mine. If he is confident that you can succeed in the forthcoming battle, then I shall be as well. You may all be mere pawns in the grand game I’ve been playing, but even pawns can be promoted to queens.”*
- *”If you do win, you will have proved me right and my brother wrong in our age-old debate. Even he will need to face the truth that our gifts to humanity are a necessity for the future. And if you lose, then I will have merely brought that other possible future to pass. Perhaps it is destined for Apep to achieve Supreme Ascendancy, after all.”*
- CF pointed out this was one hell of a gamble he was taking, all just to prove a point.
- *”I knew the risks of my plan failing. Even still, if I got the chance to go back in time before I chose her… I would do it. All. Over. Again. As I said, Apep was bound to reawaken at some point. Radical, drastic action is required to destroy him. Why not now?”*
- *”When the time comes, I believe you will be faced with the possibility of putting Apep’s existence behind us."* He then directed his attention to Shrike. *"You have accepted the gift of the Tartarean Throne, so I imagine it will fall to you. I do not know what the choice will look like. But I am sure you have steeled your resolve for when it presents itself...?”*
- Shrike answered affirmatively.
- *”I can hold back this entropic orb for some time, but not forever. At some point, it will continue to expand and devour, well, everything. Kill Glorinda and stop Apep before that happens. Allow me to provide you with one last helping hand…”*
- His irises then shined a bright, neon green, and he waved his hands in strange gestures toward each of CF's mechs. They instantly became fully repaired. *”Do not let it be said that I did not contribute to your victory.”*
- *”I wish you luck. But luck will not be nearly enough. Goodbye.”*
- With that, Metat Aun vanished.

# The Third Dawn
- Shrugging off the huge implications for everything that has happened over the course of their journey, CF knew they could do only one thing: enter the entropic orb and finally face their ultimate opponent.
- They walked through the fire, feeling as though they were passing through an intense storm. They could see the unmakers swirling all around them.
- It was thankfully not long before they emerged on the other side of the threshold, now standing in the central processing chamber of the blink station.
- They could see shroudy zones of more of that fiery energy scattered around the room, each with a smaller unmaker in the center. There was also a lone figure standing with their arms resting on the casket structure at the opposite end of the room. This figure appeared to be feeding off the blinkspace energy, before they removed their arms and turned to face CF.
- Each member of the squad then received an abrupt vision, showing a memory of something that happened before they arrived here. They saw Glorinda Mavvius channeling her Firmament energy into the caskets, blending it all together in a reflection of what Gaia did with Julian Khan and the Empyrean Throne.
- Glorinda’s head leaned back to face the ceiling and she cried out in pain and elation simultaneously. Her body instantly charred with burns, and grew as her limbs separated but remained linked through fiery strands of energy. An echo of her ornamental Aunic clothing and armor was maintained in a somewhat mutated form, as was the rest of her.
- The image faded from their minds, and the version of Glorinda standing before them raised her right hand, opened the palm, and summoned an orb of flame. Her left hand summoned an entropic whip. Wisps of snakes wrapped around her and hung off of her body in a show of the true source of her newfound power.
- With a voice befitting multiple beings of true evil, Glorinda spoke one final time before the fight for the fate of the universe commenced.
- *”Yield your existence to us. Your One True God, Apep. And I, **Glorinda, Herald of Entropy**!”*
- The battle nearly led to CF’s destruction, but all their mechs survived long enough to destroy her first.
- As she exploded into fiery shrapnel, all the entropic energy was suddenly stopped, then reversed. The squad’s surroundings caved in on them, leaving them in pure darkness.

# The Wolf and the Snake
- The lancers realized they weren’t dead, but rather in some sort of void. They could see and hear each other, as well as Osiris - present in Shrike’s chest.
- They heard the mangled voice of Glorinda cry out, *“Please! Give me another chance!”*
- A light revealed a pedestal with an ovular object lying on top of it. It appeared to be an egg.
- Shrike laid a hand on the shell, and he could immediately feel Osiris’ excitement and nervousness.
- He lifted the egg, and each lancer heard an evil voice. *“So you are the ones who defeated her. You must be the most powerful beings of your reality.”*
- CF told him they knew what he and Glorinda wanted, and said that they would either destroy him or put him back to sleep.
- *“Every time I sleep...it is only a matter of time until I reawaken. Ra and Metat Aun cannot kill me. You cannot kill me.”*
- Shrike, with the power of Osiris enhanced by the Tartarean Throne, crushed Apep (using Tear Throat).
- Apep's final words before fading into nothingness were, *"A serpent never dies..."*
- He felt an overwhelming sense of pressure as the massive amount of energy was released from Apep's destruction. Shrike would never be the same.

# The Heroes of Rainier Station
- The dark void was quickly replaced with extremely bright white light. When their vision returned, the squad could see they were standing in Rainier Station, with the restored Central Processing chamber to their backs.
- In front of them, they saw VR Seth "Cannon" Buchanan standing atop his massive mech, waving to them.
- Behind and around him, crowds of people began pouring out of nearby shelters, and everyone was cheering for Charlie Foxtrot.
- The crowd’s cheers and applause lasted for only a couple of minutes, but to the lancers, it felt like a lifetime. As it started to die down, they could see other Union personnel, some from the *Rio Grande*, pushing their way to the front of the crowd.
- Scimitar and Dominus could see that Shrike's legs were trembling, and he collapsed to the ground, though Rho helped to support him.
- Shrike's entire body was full of pain, having contained the last bit of power that Apep unleashed prior to death.
- SSgt. Garcia and Scimitar helped get some medical attention for him, and he was carted via stretcher into the nearest hospital.
- After receiving large doses of pain-killing medication, Shrike fell unconscious. The doctors said his vitals were stable, so it seemed that he would be okay. But the source of the pain was unclear.
- Rho and Zara sat by his bedside the whole time, and several hours passed as they took a well-earned rest in privacy.
- Once they all woke up, Shrike explained that he felt as though he would never be able to fight again. *"Maybe this is what I deserve, after a life full of killing."*
- Cpt. Farris knocked and entered the room. Zara greeted her and asked, "*So are we going to get a big galaxy-saving bonus for this?*" This comment made her smile for the first time since before she was abducted by Bannerjee way back in the beginning.
- She said, *“It’s over. We won. YOU won. And the galaxy thanks you for it. Or at least they're thanking you for what they think really happened here. I’m sure you’ll understand that the UIB is going to run some coverup operations to prevent the full extent of the truth from getting out. It’s no secret that Rainier Station was nearly destroyed, but the motivations of its attackers remain mostly unknown. The higher-ups don’t want humanity at large to find out just how close they came to extinction. Sorry to dump all this on you so quickly, but…just so you’re aware of what you probably shouldn’t say to your adoring fans.”*
- Apparently, the official story was that the leader of the terrorist organization Heralds of the Third Dawn, Glorinda, was attempting to destroy Rainier Station after her first attempt failed.
- Farris said she didn't know what was in store for her future, but she was glad to have served with CF all this time.
- Each member of the squad saluted her, and she returned it while also discouraging them from doing so. *"You three don't salute anyone. Ever. Not after what you did."* With that, she left the room.

# Supporting Cast Epilogues
- Cpt. Brigid Farris, as a result of her meritorious leadership of the renowned Charlie Foxtrot squadron and her bravery in the final push to break the siege of Rainier Station, was awarded the Gallantry Cross - a Union Naval Department commendation highlighting “honorable conduct befitting the finest traditions of naval service.” Her commendation also emphasized the spotless service record of the *Rio Grande* and her crew and officers (excluding the case of the lancer known as Junior, though she was not held responsible for that NHP’s continued stay in her command). Even though she was internally conflicted on whether to retire peacefully or continue her career, she ultimately concluded that her time with the *Rio Grande* had reached its logical conclusion*.* However, she still felt that her work with Union was not yet done, and transferred to an administrative position in the navy. She would continue supporting the dream of utopia in ways that would not put herself directly in the line of fire - particularly in regard to matters of NHPs in Union’s service.
- Upon Farris’ transfer, Alex Kim was promoted from 1st Lieutenant to Captain of the *Rio Grande*. The crew and officers expressed a high degree of skepticism as to whether he would live up to Farris’ reputation, particularly noting his significantly colder demeanor. However, they understood that even Farris had to start somewhere. Time will tell of what his legacy will become.
- SSgt. Omari Garcia played a pivotal role in coordinating recovery efforts on Rainier Station. After doing all that he could, Union decided that his 2 subjective decades in the Marine Corps. were enough. He was honorably discharged and lived out the rest of his years in well-deserved tranquility. He is on record as saying, “Well damn. I feel like I got at least another 10 years left in me, but…I won’t argue with the suits.”
- Rio, with encouragement and approval from Brigid Farris to consider her own personal desires in her life’s trajectory, determined that she wanted to remain aboard the ship after which she was named. “We’re basically inseparable. And uh, besides, when I take over the CIC and get in the zone…nothing else could possibly compare!“
- Amika was given the choice to remain in service to Union mainly as an intelligence and communication expert in Aunic matters, or to be supported with a new life of her choosing (even if that meant returning to Persephone or being given to the Aunic Ascendancy). She decided to remain in Union space, living a calm life supported by NHP specialists. With great efforts made to researching her urn (and referencing Talia’s recovered research), the specialists were able to develop a kind of subaltern that she could easily and comfortably control remotely. She enjoyed learning about Union, its people, and its mission, and she was always happy to discuss Aunic subjects. She hopes and advocates for a time when Union and the Ascendancy can find common ground and coexist in peace.
- ZeroTrace was disbanded after its members felt as though they were not empowered to be doing enough. Since their best shot at making a big impact - a squad of lancers that used to serve with one of their own members - did not pan out, they merely went offline, so to speak. But who’s to say they didn’t just join up with some HORUS cell in secret? Frederick “Kid Fritz” Ackerley’s whereabouts are unknown, but he was last seen boarding a vessel belonging to the Voladores.
- The people of Cressidium and the Cascade-16 system prospered as they were officially inducted into Union. The LSA and Vestan Sovereignty became solid allies thanks to the restoring of President Oleg Artemovich after the Second Sons’ coup was ended. Dr. Isaac Ravyenko was granted immunity by Union from being prosecuted for his ethically questionable practices and alliances, and allowed to live within Union elsewhere. Roth Yakovlev wished to return to Vezoria to return to his original life, where he spent the rest of his days serving as a scientist in the colony of Aeon. General Evander Thorne, being one of the leaders of the Second Sons, was prosecuted by Union and the LSA, given a fair and just punishment, and allowed to live a civilian’s life after fulfilling the terms of his sentencing.
- Lyran Stavros and Emily, after donating the *Dynast’s Embrace* to the Peerless, decided to research Lyran’s Karrakin ancestry. They decided to follow up on it and make a pilgrimage to the Karrakin Trade Baronies. There, they decided to settle down with gracious assistance from one of his distant relatives.
- Horton Creighton continued selling IPS-N frames, parts, and services to customers. He continued being maintained and given friendly companionship thanks to Mischa “Bulwark” Kowalski. Bulwark even inherited partial ownership of the print shop! It…did take some convincing, though.
- Echelon (the colony on EN4), continued its humble, mostly self-sustained existence. The former Grand Company pirate Howard “Pistolero” Wake, was cleared of his criminal status by Union. Inspired by the bravery and heroism of a squad of lancers he once fought, he decided to start an organization of his own: Lighthouse Company. Instead of partaking in piracy, they focused on looking out for small colonies like Echelon throughout the Orion Arm. Their efforts did not go unnoticed, and it is believed that the best and brightest fighters of Lighthouse Company were eventually absorbed into the legendary Albatross.
- The people of Demeter and Persephone would continue living in constant underlying tension with each other. Though the reveal of the seeded nuclear warheads throughout Demeter struck a massive blow to the relationship between these planets, they remained officially part of Union and were given resources to work through their generational conflict and trauma. In any case, the people of Hestia, the Demetrian capital city, took pride in knowing that one of their own was now known across the galaxy.
- After undergoing a direct attack from Jun Chandrasekhar, the people of Hadiqa were extremely hesitant to continue allowing her company to serve as the de facto leader of Suldan. In a show of understanding, she worked with elected representatives to begin the process of forming a new, more official government. Reflecting Union’s constant pursuit of utopia, the work will take a long time - perhaps forever - but it is definitely worth doing.
- The Void Reapers were officially shut down by Union due to their contributions toward Glorinda Mavvius, now unquestionably brought to light in full. Evidently, Delphine Bancroft had been killed prior to the siege of Rainier Station, likely by Junior. Transcripts indicated that she did not approve of using her mercenaries to contribute toward mass civilian casualties. Meanwhile, Seth “Cannon” Buchanan was taken in and forced to pay significant fines to the people and public officials of the planets on which the Void Reapers operated. However, due in no small part to his assistance in the battle of Rainier Station in the end, he was allowed to live freely…though he always suspected that he would remain under the watchful eyes of Raptors’ Nest.
- An official investigation was launched into SSC by Union’s DOJ/HR in response to the so-called “Praetors.” Creating humans without actual consciousnesses was certainly a massive red flag. SSC would naturally deny any real involvement and instead shift most of the blame to the actions of Dr. Victoria Lucero and her favorite NHP, Gaia. As per usual when it comes to SSC, their efforts were largely successful, and only a few members of the Constellar Congress were held accountable. Smith-Shimano Corpro would remain a massive presence in the Orion Arm. Gaia, however, was taken in by Union’s NHP Regulatory Office. Or was it the UIB…? Either way, she was never seen or heard from again.
- IPS-N faced widespread backlash due to their lack of attention to the situation on Havelburg - one of the few successes of ZeroTrace. But after sending some resources to the planet, they effectively absolved themselves in the court of public opinion and simply waited for the controversy to pass, which it did. Havelburg’s reputation as a “dusthole planet full of criminal scum” would linger on for some time. At least, until a certain faction would get involved. (Put a pin in that for now.)
- Harrison Armory denied any special form of collaboration with SSC in the creation of the Praetors, emphasizing instead that they merely provided designs for mechs which fit the criteria given to them by SSC.
- HORUS continued doing…well, you know how it goes with them. A lot of their message boards were devoted to criticizing the Heralds of the Third Dawn, saying things such as “They were very close to being based, but their hacks were weak sauce.” Notably, “gigachad” memes showing a man in a very peculiar outfit and wielding a katana spiked in popularity.
- Leonora McGrath stuck to her word to Shrike, and devoted her life to finding their siblings around the Orion Arm. She was never sure how best to explain the true source of their power, but she managed to find a way every time.
- The Peerless, now being officially led by Dale Ramcock, decided to serve as the premiere mercenary company for hire in the Cascade Line, now that the Void Reapers had been disbanded. They had a high reputation for their no-nonsense and legally sound approaches.
- The Colosseum Coalition continued Scimitar’s goal of empowering people in positions of oppression to gain the resources and courage to stand up for themselves. Now with Jun Chandrasekhar and Matthias Herschel as members, they became known as a sort of “boots on the ground” version of the Albatross.
- Raptors’ Nest, led by Sterling “Splinter” Lockley, would go on to provide valuable intel to the UIB whenever it was requested of them. If any information brokering was done in the Cascade Line, you can bet that it went through them at some point. And though their original leader, Shrike, was no longer actively in the public eye, they carried on his legacy with pride.

# Epilogue
- But of course, this wouldn’t be a proper ending without knowing what became of our heroes.

# Rho “Dominus,” the Titan
- Rho decided to clean up anything that may have otherwise left him with regrets. He resolved to use whatever fame gained from stopping the Third Dawn to draw attention to the situation on Havelburg. He then led a Peerless mission there to finally clean up the revitalized Dustbranded. Ideally with more attention on the planet this time, the power vacuum will be filled more cleanly.
- He also came completely clean to Magenta Red that, although it was not a total lie, he exaggerated the danger she was under in order to manipulate her into leaving Port Conroy.
- He then returned to the metavault to reverse the genetic modifications that happened to him, and he used the Tartarean Throne to restore himself back to how he would have been, had he never been modified by the Restorium. He emerged significantly less muscular, shorter, and with dirty blond hair and hazel eyes. He also noted that a subtle, almost imperceivable mental burden had been lifted from him too.
- He offered the use of the throne to Magenta Red, as well. After some deliberation, she accepted the same gift, refusing a blessing that would have extended her lifespan by 200 years! She simply determined that she was ready for a comfortable, relaxing life in luxury with no troubles weighing her down. This realization came to her after her near-death experience in the siege of Rainier Station, and with Rho having been kind and generous to her for all this time.
- Rho then retired from his position in the Union Navy, choosing to become an instructor for new chassis pilots to help train them - effectively performing the same duties that were forced upon him during his childhood in the Restorium, but for a good cause and with healthier methods, naturally. And throughout it all, Vilicus remained by his side, ready to help him however necessary.
- Rho’s Madrigal Boarding Carapace and all its associated equipment remain on display in the Union Naval Academy to this day.

# Zara “Scimitar” Khan, the Influencer
- In a conference room of C&H HQ in Hadiqa, Zara resumed her duties as the leader of the Colosseum Coalition, delivering a morale-boosting speech to her newly formed elite squad: Devoted Murmur. This squad was made up of agents going by callsigns DM25, DM26, DM27, and DM29. DM28 would remain only a memory.
- Zara became essentially the new face of Union's mech calvary. Her likeness and general story went on to be used as the ideal image of the best of the best. Not as a propagandistic tool to convince civilians to join the military, but to internally inspire others who have already enlisted to be the best they can be, basically. Though her story is inevitably going to spread around public channels after Rainier Station, and her fame will reach critical capacity! Alas, none of this was necessarily what she asked for. “The price of fame,” and all that.
- Her real desire was to focus on the Colosseum Coalition, as well as spreading Suldan’s story throughout Union space so that everyone would learn what the storied planet has gone through. This contributed to a lot of internal pressure building towards integrating the planet into Union, and though it took many more years of work, this vision was achieved.
- She continued leading the Colosseum Coalition for the rest of her life until she was physically incapable of doing so.
- Zara’s famous made-from-scratch spaghetti and meatballs is now a traditional meal across the Union Navy, shared by the crews of ships prior to undertaking major engagements.

# Dalton “Shrike” Burke, the Wolf
-  One year after Glorinda and Apep were defeated, Dalton walks using a cane, having refused any sort of enhanced cybernetic medical procedures. After retiring from the navy, he worked in an administrative role in the DOJ/HR, in addition to spending his time seeking out the other children of the Paragon Initiative.
- At one point, he would go on to join Leonora and Sterling in confronting Nathaniel Hayes - the man who ordered the assassination of Dalton's mother, Selena. Surprising him at his mansion on Persephone, Nathaniel actually recalled who Selena Burke was. Dalton explained that, as her son, he had been waiting for the moment he would get to confront his mother's killer for his entire life.
- Dalton drew his pistol - the same one with a floral pattern on the grip that he'd been carrying throughout his time with the Union Navy - and aimed it right at Nathaniel's head.
- Though his desire for revenge was strong, Dalton chose to be stronger. His killing days were behind him. He dropped the gun and called through an earpiece.
- Suddenly, a team of Raptors and Demetrians raided the mansion and arrested Nathaniel. He would face righteous justice at Union's hands, not at those of a vigilante.
- He left his mother's pistol on the table.
- Aside from his role in the story of Charlie Foxtrot and the fight against Glorinda, nothing belonging to Dalton was left to mark his legacy on Union over the years. The decisions he made which led to him taking the gift of the Tartarean Throne, facing Glorinda Mavvius, and putting an end to Apep would be known only to himself, his former superiors, his former squad, and a few of his closest friends. Though the galaxy wouldn’t remember all of that - *they* would. And that was all that matters.

# All That Matters
- Everything that we - the players - saw throughout the past 2 years of our actual lives… all of it showed the true way of heroes. Not to pursue power and glory for their own sake, but for the protection of the innocent and bringing justice to those who would do harm. These are the ones who pass beyond the realm of the physical and into the domain of legend. The finest and most honorable way to achieve…
- **Supreme Ascendancy**.