**Name**: Mischa Kovalsky (he/him) 

**Callsign**: Bulwark

**Description**: A burly man, with broad shoulders and a thick chest (6'2", 250lbs). His arms are like tree trunks, and his hands large and callused. He has short, brown hair that seems to never comb down flat. His blue eyes are hard and determined. He usually wears a mechanic's jumpsuit when not on duty.

**History**: Mischa "Bulwark" Kovalsky was born on an Armory controlled world and spent most of his life working in the scrapyards. Bulwark was a natural leader, and he quickly rose through the ranks of the scrapper's union movement. He was a fierce advocate for the rights of workers, and he was always willing to fight for what he believed in. He was also a respected figure in the community, and he was often called upon to mediate disputes and resolve conflicts. Bulwark became increasingly disgusted by Harrison Armory's treatment of human beings and NHP's as disposable tools rather than people in their own right. Despite his bold tactics, Bulwark could often smooth things over and deflect from the activism by playing to corporate vanity and making deals. His decision to join the pilot academy was partially in order to escape from some of the messes that he had gotten involved in but also another way to amass skills and power that could be leveraged to help working people everywhere. 

Bulwark's biggest regret in life is that he has been largely absent from his child Zayna's life. Zayna (they/them) is a result of an ill-considered romantic entanglement with a mercenary employed by Armory.

**Personality**: Bulwark is a character with a strong sense of justice, brave and determined, but can also be stubborn and hot-headed. A naturally compassionate person, he excels at relating to people and can't resist helping someone who is down. He is loyal to his friends and comrades, and he is always willing to fight for what he believes in.  On his time off he can often be found grabbing drinks and playing cards with the enlisted troops.