Oswell Steiner is a former Lieutenant (O-2) of the Union Navy's Marine Raider Regiment, responsible as an escort Mecha pilot for rapid insertion forces and transports. Having served his term in the military in the Dawnline Shore region during the Interest War, he accepted retirement and an honorable discharge following an incident where he and his unit were forced to defend against aggressive Harrison Armory and Karrakin forces on Maseca (DS10) during an evacuation of civilians from a combat zone.  Out of the military, Steiner returned to his homeworld Icara, but having been gone for decades due to the time dilation inherent in interstellar travel, he never felt comfortable there again.  

Taking travel options and situational work on long-haul shipping where presented to him, it wasn't long before finding his way back into a Mech cockpit, this time doing occasional contract mercenary work for MSMC and escort runs.  Most of this work was in order to continue his tinkering on "Blue Stripes," his refitted Everest-frame built to the Jaeger H-8 model spec that he had used during his term of service, originally salvaged from a Union scrapyard.  Steiner fancies himself an enthusiast of mech construction, and though he is more "car repairman" than "engineer" he has developed a fondness of working on his machines personally after printing new components.  

A responsible soldier, Steiner, callsign Cyclops, was very good at his job and dependable but lacked personal motivation - he would handle any job that was given him, but didn't seem to have much in the way of goals of his own. It's clear he enjoys his work, and he isn't emotionally stunted or suffering any form of PTSD, but his lack of drive is likely what kept him out of more substantial command.

## Decorations Received: Naval Expeditionary Medal, Navy Achievement Medal (Maseca Incident), Naval Good Conduct Medal.