**Name**: Rho

**Callsign**: Dominus

**Biography**: In a research facility located in an otherwise unimportant system far from Cradle, a genetic experiment is conducted by those who wish to see SecComm return to power. Rho was not born but was created as part of a batch of 24 others who were each assigned a letter in the Greek alphabet as a name based on the “seed” DNA they were cloned from. This “seed” DNA originated from different famous wartime heroes of SecComm. All collected for the purpose of creating people who were to be “humanity perfected” and lead the rest of humanity to a new age. Each “seed” DNA was distinct. Each person in the batch of different genders and ethnicities but all with their DNA enhanced for unnatural beauty, height, muscle tone, bone density, and signature golden hair and eyes. Each person in the batch is trained from birth to be a leader, to control the populace, and most importantly to be lancers. They are also fed lies of the traitorous terrorist organization that calls itself “Union”. 

Knowing no better, and never being given free choice, Rho was trained in the ways of a tyrant. This training often pitted him against others of his batch which sometimes resulted in one member of the batch’s death. It was explained to each of them that this was required to “prune the weak” and prove that they were worthy of leading humanity. 
One day the station came under attack and was quickly seized by an unknown fleet. Rho, and the remaining 16 members of his original batch of 24 had not fully completed their training and hid during the fighting. The station was boarded and the unknown soldiers identified themselves as Union. Rho initially regarded the Union soldiers with hostility but he was captured and the commander of the Union soldiers explained to Rho and the others of his batch the truth of the galaxy that has been hidden from them. Rho quickly grew to hate the researchers who stole a normal life from him. Rho knew little else but being a lancer and the art of warfare, so the soldiers gave him a choice to join the Union army or leave and live his life as he sees fit. Most of the batch set out on their own to seek out a life that they have been missing and to find their place in the worlds. Rho accepted the Unions offer and vowed to help free others who have had their free will stolen from them.

The Union commander who liberated Rho gave him the call sign “Dominus” out of partial sarcasm for the honorific Rho was taught to demand from others.

**Physical description**: Rho is a staggering 7’-2” with well defined lean muscles despite his height. Rho’s hair and eyes are a color like golden ingots which ornament an all too symmetrical face. He wears a well kept Union soldiers uniform which differs from a standard issue uniform in that it has additional padding and mechanical couplings necessary for interfacing with a mech. Rho also wears a khaki and gold cloak over his shoulders. On his hip is an exotic metal weapon coiled like a whip. With a flick of the wrist Rho can free the weapon from its holster letting its two meter length unravel. The hilt of the weapon has a button which, when pressed, rapidly retracts the whip into a meter-long sword. 