Jin Rodewald, born Zhi Ru Seegert-Joyne, was 19th in line for the throne of the Diasporan planet Tsinghua and nephew to the current Queen. Tsinghua is largely isolated, and hasn't seen a Union ship since its colonization in the days of the Second Committee. The young Zhi Ru was a curious child and would often converse with the servants in the palaces and manors in which he lived about the lives of the workers and ordinary citizens of the kingdom. As he got older, this turned into extended trips into the cities and countryside. He played these off to his family that by learning more about the citizenry, he could better help rule it (for he was likely to be an administrator in the queen's court in the future) but the more he learned the more disillusioned he became in the monarchy. Zhi Ru eventually made contact with some of the more radical workers groups and there took a pseudonym, as was common amongst such groups. He took the name Jin Rodewald, after a labor leader who was executed by the kingdom a century ago. 

Over the course of a number of years, Jin was able to use his position to secure a large number of war material and transferred them to revolutionary guerilla forces throughout the kingdom. This long war ultimately culminated in an assault on the capital, which coincided with a widespread civilian protests throughout the kingdom. Knowing that this was the end, one way or another, Jin joined the revolutionary forces outside of the city to fight directly. They lost. Most of the surviving leaders of the revolution were captured and executed. Jin would have been as well but his mother, the Queen's favorite sister, convinced her to show mercy and exile Jin to the stars. Boarding a ship built off of the technology of the original colony ship, Jin vows he will return someday, to end the rule of the Seegert-Joynes and their tyranny of the people.
Eventually, Jin made it to a system with a blinkgate and the omninet. He learned about Union, humanity's history and perhaps most importantly, mechanized cavalry. Believing this is the power he will need to free Tsinghua, he devoted himself to learning to pilot one. He now uses the callsign Genbu.